Dumb business decisions ” Good location” Weekend Stay/Wochenend Ausflug” best value for money in Seoul” No air circulation in the room” Kazuo from Japan” No sound proofing ” 양호” Fairly content with the services” Good location. Cheap price” 양호” 양호” President Hotel” If you're gonna stay for a few day is not bad ” Nice location” Good location and spacey room” 양호” clean hotel” 양호” 양호” I booked a 4 night stay at a “long stay” rate and then upon arrival asked about extending my visit for 3 more days. The price quoted was double the rate I was paying. The hotel is average, at best, but worth it for the discounted rate because of the location, cleanliness, and fitness center. For the higher rate, I found 6 other places that were nicer. Also, skip the overpriced breakfast - again, there are many, many options within a block that are much better and less expensive - there was literally plastic wrapped “American” cheese on the buffet ... gross!! I’d only recommend if you get it for a very discounted rate. In general, the hotel has good location and very convenient. However, the air-con was not working they did not informed me upon check-in. Initially, I thought the air-con in my room was faulty but was later told on the phone that the whole building's air-con was under maintenance for 2 weeks. It would have been better if I was informed upon check-in of such details. We stayed over a short weekend. With 3 little ones. The hotel is in walking distance to Myeondong inner city shopping area. The staff was friendly and spoke English. I did not care for the carpeted floor inside the room and the red sheets over the bed. The ones on ours had a few spots and discoloring. recommend this hotel especially for guest with a car to park. this hotel may be the only hotel to provide free parking in the neighborhood Rooms are old and ageing. I booked 2+ person room but when we checked in could not get extra bed. They let us change room on the next day with bigger bed but had to pay extra per day (33000 won). When we got into the other room, all the switches and everything’s in the room was really old. And no ventilation in the room. It was so hot we could not sleep. They gave us a fan to use. But not much use. Even with all the window open, still too hot. ( outside temp was around 10 degree and below) Very nice location from subway station and nice view from room. Close to Myeongdong area. Staff can speak Japanese. Walls are very thin, doors are thin. There’s no privacy. You can hear next door’s tv Great location. Shopping mall and airport bus just right beside hotel. Bathroom is old design and narrow. During shower, water easily spread all over the floor. Besides, hotel has limited space for lounge area. Location is convenient No souna is not good in Korea Noise proofing needs to be done between the rooms convenient place to stay (easy to walk, explore surrounding places like myeongdong night market, lotte stores, etc.; near incheon airport limousine bus...) Service is not great. Staffs do not greet/ acknowledge customers unless directly approached. Cleaning staffs are very friendly but not efficient. Sometimes they would forget to set up the towels and leave water. Cleanses and location are perfect, the lobby is busy in day time because of the building lower floors are many company offices , im the morning many workers run in to elevator before you out and there is no space for u to walk, and there are limited of couch for guests at the lobby, the room design is vintage , the water from showe always run in to dry part, if u just stay for a few day is not bad Nice location and easy to find Pros: room is bigger than other hotel we’ve been staying. Good location around tourist locations. The hotel bakery is good with 20% disc from the hotel stay. Love the location. Cons: Triple room hasn’t been remodeled yet. Oldies vibe with stains on the carpet. The sound isolation is very bad. You can hear lots of foot stomping and voices around night time. Bathrooms smelled probably because it’s too old. most of the staff have no service mind very clean but location is quite far from shops good location. The hotel is eco friendly i supposed. There isn't air condition when we visited in April. We were provided a fan for ventilation. Very good location but because there are activities at Citi Hall, can be noisy if you are in the hotel during the day. Good location but poor room” it is good overall” GOD HOTEL ” DIdn't leave much of an impression” Good for business but not shopping” Good location” good location” my stay at President Hotel Oct'14” good location” great location, average hotel” great location,but very old facility” Short stay, Value for money.” Just alright.” good location” staff is no friendly at all, hotel very old” Totally OK” Comfortable stay with minimum fuss” Reasonable hotel in heart of town” good location, but...” Easy Access from Airport.Shopping and food nearby.” It's at a good location, very convenient but the rooms are quite old and not too clean. otherwise it was okay to stay but needs to replace the carpet OKAY CLOSE TO DOWNTOWN Location, Proximity to business districts Just came across as a normal business hotel. Not bad, not good just exceedingly average in every respect. Price, location and staff This hotel was located beside the city hall (or some government agency). Sadly during our stay, there was some kind of protest going on outside and it was a little distracting hearing people using a megaphone and chanting something (even though we were on a high floor). This hotel is in a finance district and will take a long walk to get to Myeongdong, maybe over 10 minutes. If you're staying in Seoul for business trips, i'd recommend this hotel. But if you prefer to be surrounded by bright lights, shops, authentic restaurants and culture, it's better to stay in a hotel in Myeongdong. Location, Staffs, Pricing we had a good experience staying in this hotel. Hotel is located near by the financial business center which is good for biz/work, and walking distance to Mangu-Dong area where the shopping center and restaurants are, and also the next door to Lotte Outlet. It is very easy to get around the city as it is near by the train stations. Hotel is quite old but reasonable comparing with price. location, pricing, nice staffs It was good staying in this hotel. Hotel is located in a very good location, convenience for both business which near by the financial center area. And also good for sight seeing and tourist and shopping that right next door to Lotte Outlet and walking distance to Mangu-dong area. The hotel quite old but price is reasonable comparing to other hotels around. Staffs are nice and helpful. Location near to dongdaemun & city hall, easy transportation & easy for dining at all time Other than location the rest is okay, esp the rug/carpet in the room need cleaning and or improvement. value, big room size, location if u like visit myeongdong during for trip in seoul, hotel president is a good choice with value for money. room a bit outdated, hotel is old. but room size is big enough for hotel located in seoul. location, price, location the stay was okay. great location. great price. the hotel is an average hotel location, location, location not very nice as the noise of the AC is very loud, and the facility is also quite old, which makes us feeling not very conforable Good location, shopping area, closed to Seoul Station. Old facility, reasonable room size. Some room air conditioning not serviced, bad smell. Location, Clean and Language The Hotel is centrally located and although it doesn't have airport limousine, you can walk to Lotte which is just next door to catch the Airport Limousine. Very close to Myeongdong, Namdaemun and going by taxi to all the other attractions is inexpensive due to the location. However, the walls of the rooms were so thin!! I was unfortunate to have family with young kids next to my room and the kids were screaming and shouting as if they were at the playground. When I spoke to my husband on the phone, he could even hear them and asked me where the noise was coming from. When the adults were talking, I could also hear them. In the morning when the next room was running the shower, it felt like it was coming from my room!!! Seriously, it was that bad!!! So, I would have a reservation about recommending this hotel to others. good location, cheap walking distance to middle of shopping area. airport bus is stop infront of the hotel. hotel is very old but cheap for this location good price , near shopping, easy to airport location, location, location Large room, central location next to Lotte Hotel airport bus stop and walking distance to shopping area No problem at all. Large room, albeit old styled Attentive staff; we are able to get a mini bus to Gimpo airport without issue. Location, Clean room, Satff It is a reasonable hotel with best location in Myongdon. Room is clean. Staffs are kind and friendly. location, view, transfortation It is located in the very center of the Seoul, so it is very convenient and easy for tourists to trip and enjoy city life. However, the hotel dose not provide free toothbrush and toothpaste in spite of a five-star hotel. Bring your toothbrush and toothpaste if you want to save money. Walking distance to Lotte Duty Free, Lotteria, Shinshigae Mall, Myeongdong Market and Namdaemun Market. English Speaking Staff and centrally located. nice location” pleasant stay at the hotel” Good location, but average room” Excellent location with reasonable price” Very close to shopping area” great location but not much service” Good location as there is a subway station nearby” great hotel ” Great location but less comfort ” good location near subway” Great Location with excellent rooms” Great location but old fashion rooms” Good location at center of Seoul” Nice and comfortable hotel” Good location but service can be better” Good Location But Small room” Nice location but facility seems a little old” Great location” worth money in town center and near metro” good location” good location for shopping. clean room, comfortable bed, 10-15 mins walk to Myeong-dong Location, transport, Dont have non smoking room. Room was stuffy and smell bad. Location is good. Staff cannot speak english. location, airport access, price close to shopping area, next to airport limo bus stop, free Internet THe room is a little small, but very good value for money. location is great this hotel is easy to access. You can take shuttle bus to reach there. The stop is just right in door of the hotel. The room is okey but it seems a bit old. The hotel is not much service. You need to take lagage by yourself. But the location is great. Location & room size Staff have limited abilities in conversing in English, as compared to another hotel that we had stayed in Incheon. Housekeeping department does not have iron and ironing board for guests. Location in the midst of the city and night markets In contrary to other reviews, our stay at the President Hotel is nothing but smooth... the airport bus no, 6701, is just about 50 meters away from the hotel... (it stops at Lotte Hotel) which is just beside President...very convenient... there is a valet staff at the door who helped us into the steps with our luggage (the bell boys main job seems to be is tending the left luggage facility). We arrived early at 7.30am and despite our request during booking of early check-in, we are not facilitated, which is understandable if there was no room available, and I was told pleasantly that we should again check in at 12pm, we left our luggage and had a walk about in the neighboring City Hall and Deuksugung Palace and had a bite to eat, went back to the hotel at about 11am and they let us check in a bit early, which was amazing after having a night flight. We stayed at 27 floor, which is very clean, very quiet, there is toiletries provided, fresh robes, although the furnitures a bit tired looking (specially the carpet), but tea (no coffee) facilities is provided, 1 bottled water everyday... theres a bath tub, but it is a bit worn out looking, so didn't bothered to have a bath and used the shower instead. Location is great, smack in the center of the town...walking distance to the palaces (though we took taxi about W4,500), Myeongdong and Namdaemun night market for cheap knick-knacks, Lotte Mall for more top of the range brand is just in the neighbourhood....metro is about 100 meters away... Seoul Tower is not so far (though not walking distance)... many small good priced restaurants nearby. Front desk, not overly friendly but pleasant, housekeeping when asked with adaptor, turned up within 2 minutes, the valet helped us with hailing and saying taxi drivers our destinations, left luggage facility is brilliant, LOCATION VERY SAFE, there is also a bank at the 2nd floor for currency exchange, only one thing, no in-room wifi, only at the lobby...but will surely stay Location Overall, the stay was pleasant, location was very convenient and accessible. However, we were quite disappointed with the air-conditioning system in-room. On such hot summer day, they should provide more powerful air-cond. Could you imagine waking up in the middle of the night sweating? That was unpleasant :( Other than that, everything was fine. Probably if you are travelling there during cooler seasons, you may consider this hotel as it is quite affordable near subway we asked for double bed but staff said no double bed in hotel have only twin bed but we found hotel brochure its has double bed . lots of japanese in this hotel. very near subway and lotte department. overall is good but price a bit expensive for us compare with other hotels in thailand is the best one in same price cleanliness, location and room size the hotel is excellent with a great location, great rooms and well maintained facilities. the room is more than big enough for two adults with large bags. the bathroom facilities are well maintained also. the hotel does have a feeling of pretence about it which is to be expected. no free internet is provided. the hotel is located close to a number of popular seoul attractions, many of which are in walking distance. the airport bus and a number of dmz tours leave from close by also. Friendly hotel staff Good location to Myeongdong, but hotel rooms a bit old fashion. Reasonable size of the room. Will stay again if going Korea next trip..  it's a great location to go anywhere among downtown of seoul. it's a five minute wolk to myung-dong and lotte department stores, which are all great for shopping. also very near to korean palaces with 5~ 15 minute walk. room is rather out of date but still good enough to stay. Nice and clean room with comfortable Hotel room is nice and comfortable located in good location. Location this is my second stay at president hotel and i've chosen it again because of its central location and easy connections to other parts of seoul through the subway which is just within walking distance. however, this hotel requires refurbishment, rooms are getting old and shabby and facilities within the room needs to be upgraded (e.g. providing kettles in the rooms should be a base standard and the toiletries can be more comprehensive, especially when it is a 4-star hotel). also, service standards can be better - the front and bell desks staff seem demotivated and there was a lack of warmth and friendliness. given its fantastic location, physical upgrading and service improvements will help cement this hotel's appeal. Best Location and easy to Subway good location but small room and old style of decoration...the service personal was good and friendly to guest easy to find gs-25,dd the room was old,air condition was not good Nice location located next to lotte hotel which has easy access to myondon area on foot. not particular on services but they have staffs who speaks japanese. facility seems not new ... near shopping area the hotel is well located in the city hall...next to famous hotels like the plaza, lotte hotel. besides, shopping area meydong is within walking distance, very convenient. there is shuttle bus running from the airport to the city hall every 20mins. the stop is just in front of lotte hotel. new renovated room walk around 10 mins to people square, new room in modern style. next to shopping center the location is very good. close to shopping center and supermarket as well as tourist place. City hall and palace is in a short walk, Myeong Dong is just across the street.  Dumb business decisions ??Good location??Weekend Stay/Wochenend Ausflug??best value for money in Seoul??No air circulation in the room??Kazuo from Japan??No sound proofing ???묓샇??Fairly content with the services??Good location. Cheap price???묓샇???묓샇??President Hotel??If you're gonna stay for a few day is not bad ??Nice location??Good location and spacey room???묓샇??clean hotel???묓샇???묓샇??I booked a 4 night stay at a ?쐋ong stay??rate and then upon arrival asked about extending my visit for 3 more days. The price quoted was double the rate I was paying. The hotel is average, at best, but worth it for the discounted rate because of the location, cleanliness, and fitness center. For the higher rate, I found 6 other places that were nicer. Also, skip the overpriced breakfast - again, there are many, many options within a block that are much better and less expensive - there was literally plastic wrapped ?쏛merican??cheese on the buffet ... gross!! I?셝 only recommend if you get it for a very discounted rate. In general, the hotel has good location and very convenient. However, the air-con was not working they did not informed me upon check-in. Initially, I thought the air-con in my room was faulty but was later told on the phone that the whole building's air-con was under maintenance for 2 weeks. It would have been better if I was informed upon check-in of such details. We stayed over a short weekend. With 3 little ones. The hotel is in walking distance to Myeondong inner city shopping area. The staff was friendly and spoke English. I did not care for the carpeted floor inside the room and the red sheets over the bed. The ones on ours had a few spots and discoloring. recommend this hotel especially for guest with a car to park. this hotel may be the only hotel to provide free parking in the neighborhood Rooms are old and ageing. I booked 2+ person room but when we checked in could not get extra bed. They let us change room on the next day with bigger bed but had to pay extra per day (33000 won). When we got into the other room, all the switches and everything?셲 in the room was really old. And no ventilation in the room. It was so hot we could not sleep. They gave us a fan to use. But not much use. Even with all the window open, still too hot. ( outside temp was around 10 degree and below) Very nice location from subway station and nice view from room. Close to Myeongdong area. Staff can speak Japanese. Walls are very thin, doors are thin. There?셲 no privacy. You can hear next door?셲 tv Great location. Shopping mall and airport bus just right beside hotel. Bathroom is old design and narrow. During shower, water easily spread all over the floor. Besides, hotel has limited space for lounge area. Location is convenient No souna is not good in Korea Noise proofing needs to be done between the rooms convenient place to stay (easy to walk, explore surrounding places like myeongdong night market, lotte stores, etc.; near incheon airport limousine bus...) Service is not great. Staffs do not greet/ acknowledge customers unless directly approached. Cleaning staffs are very friendly but not efficient. Sometimes they would forget to set up the towels and leave water. Cleanses and location are perfect, the lobby is busy in day time because of the building lower floors are many company offices , im the morning many workers run in to elevator before you out and there is no space for u to walk, and there are limited of couch for guests at the lobby, the room design is vintage , the water from showe always run in to dry part, if u just stay for a few day is not bad Nice location and easy to find Pros: room is bigger than other hotel we?셶e been staying. Good location around tourist locations. The hotel bakery is good with 20% disc from the hotel stay. Love the location. Cons: Triple room hasn?셳 been remodeled yet. Oldies vibe with stains on the carpet. The sound isolation is very bad. You can hear lots of foot stomping and voices around night time. Bathrooms smelled probably because it?셲 too old. most of the staff have no service mind very clean but location is quite far from shops good location. The hotel is eco friendly i supposed. There isn't air condition when we visited in April. We were provided a fan for ventilation. Very good location but because there are activities at Citi Hall, can be noisy if you are in the hotel during the day. Good location but poor room??it is good overall??GOD HOTEL ??DIdn't leave much of an impression??Good for business but not shopping??Good location??good location??my stay at President Hotel Oct'14??good location??great location, average hotel??great location,but very old facility??Short stay, Value for money.??Just alright.??good location??staff is no friendly at all, hotel very old??Totally OK??Comfortable stay with minimum fuss??Reasonable hotel in heart of town??good location, but...??Easy Access from Airport.Shopping and food nearby.??It's at a good location, very convenient but the rooms are quite old and not too clean. otherwise it was okay to stay but needs to replace the carpet OKAY CLOSE TO DOWNTOWN Location, Proximity to business districts Just came across as a normal business hotel. Not bad, not good just exceedingly average in every respect. Price, location and staff This hotel was located beside the city hall (or some government agency). Sadly during our stay, there was some kind of protest going on outside and it was a little distracting hearing people using a megaphone and chanting something (even though we were on a high floor). This hotel is in a finance district and will take a long walk to get to Myeongdong, maybe over 10 minutes. If you're staying in Seoul for business trips, i'd recommend this hotel. But if you prefer to be surrounded by bright lights, shops, authentic restaurants and culture, it's better to stay in a hotel in Myeongdong. Location, Staffs, Pricing we had a good experience staying in this hotel. Hotel is located near by the financial business center which is good for biz/work, and walking distance to Mangu-Dong area where the shopping center and restaurants are, and also the next door to Lotte Outlet. It is very easy to get around the city as it is near by the train stations. Hotel is quite old but reasonable comparing with price. location, pricing, nice staffs It was good staying in this hotel. Hotel is located in a very good location, convenience for both business which near by the financial center area. And also good for sight seeing and tourist and shopping that right next door to Lotte Outlet and walking distance to Mangu-dong area. The hotel quite old but price is reasonable comparing to other hotels around. Staffs are nice and helpful. Location near to dongdaemun & city hall, easy transportation & easy for dining at all time Other than location the rest is okay, esp the rug/carpet in the room need cleaning and or improvement. value, big room size, location if u like visit myeongdong during for trip in seoul, hotel president is a good choice with value for money. room a bit outdated, hotel is old. but room size is big enough for hotel located in seoul. location, price, location the stay was okay. great location. great price. the hotel is an average hotel location, location, location not very nice as the noise of the AC is very loud, and the facility is also quite old, which makes us feeling not very conforable Good location, shopping area, closed to Seoul Station. Old facility, reasonable room size. Some room air conditioning not serviced, bad smell. Location, Clean and Language The Hotel is centrally located and although it doesn't have airport limousine, you can walk to Lotte which is just next door to catch the Airport Limousine. Very close to Myeongdong, Namdaemun and going by taxi to all the other attractions is inexpensive due to the location. However, the walls of the rooms were so thin!! I was unfortunate to have family with young kids next to my room and the kids were screaming and shouting as if they were at the playground. When I spoke to my husband on the phone, he could even hear them and asked me where the noise was coming from. When the adults were talking, I could also hear them. In the morning when the next room was running the shower, it felt like it was coming from my room!!! Seriously, it was that bad!!! So, I would have a reservation about recommending this hotel to others. good location, cheap walking distance to middle of shopping area. airport bus is stop infront of the hotel. hotel is very old but cheap for this location good price , near shopping, easy to airport location, location, location Large room, central location next to Lotte Hotel airport bus stop and walking distance to shopping area No problem at all. Large room, albeit old styled Attentive staff; we are able to get a mini bus to Gimpo airport without issue. Location, Clean room, Satff It is a reasonable hotel with best location in Myongdon. Room is clean. Staffs are kind and friendly. location, view, transfortation It is located in the very center of the Seoul, so it is very convenient and easy for tourists to trip and enjoy city life. However, the hotel dose not provide free toothbrush and toothpaste in spite of a five-star hotel. Bring your toothbrush and toothpaste if you want to save money. Walking distance to Lotte Duty Free, Lotteria, Shinshigae Mall, Myeongdong Market and Namdaemun Market. English Speaking Staff and centrally located. nice location??pleasant stay at the hotel??Good location, but average room??Excellent location with reasonable price??Very close to shopping area??great location but not much service??Good location as there is a subway station nearby??great hotel ??Great location but less comfort ??good location near subway??Great Location with excellent rooms??Great location but old fashion rooms??Good location at center of Seoul??Nice and comfortable hotel??Good location but service can be better??Good Location But Small room??Nice location but facility seems a little old??Great location??worth money in town center and near metro??good location??good location for shopping. clean room, comfortable bed, 10-15 mins walk to Myeong-dong Location, transport, Dont have non smoking room. Room was stuffy and smell bad. Location is good. Staff cannot speak english. location, airport access, price close to shopping area, next to airport limo bus stop, free Internet THe room is a little small, but very good value for money. location is great this hotel is easy to access. You can take shuttle bus to reach there. The stop is just right in door of the hotel. The room is okey but it seems a bit old. The hotel is not much service. You need to take lagage by yourself. But the location is great. Location & room size Staff have limited abilities in conversing in English, as compared to another hotel that we had stayed in Incheon. Housekeeping department does not have iron and ironing board for guests. Location in the midst of the city and night markets In contrary to other reviews, our stay at the President Hotel is nothing but smooth... the airport bus no, 6701, is just about 50 meters away from the hotel... (it stops at Lotte Hotel) which is just beside President...very convenient... there is a valet staff at the door who helped us into the steps with our luggage (the bell boys main job seems to be is tending the left luggage facility). We arrived early at 7.30am and despite our request during booking of early check-in, we are not facilitated, which is understandable if there was no room available, and I was told pleasantly that we should again check in at 12pm, we left our luggage and had a walk about in the neighboring City Hall and Deuksugung Palace and had a bite to eat, went back to the hotel at about 11am and they let us check in a bit early, which was amazing after having a night flight. We stayed at 27 floor, which is very clean, very quiet, there is toiletries provided, fresh robes, although the furnitures a bit tired looking (specially the carpet), but tea (no coffee) facilities is provided, 1 bottled water everyday... theres a bath tub, but it is a bit worn out looking, so didn't bothered to have a bath and used the shower instead. Location is great, smack in the center of the town...walking distance to the palaces (though we took taxi about W4,500), Myeongdong and Namdaemun night market for cheap knick-knacks, Lotte Mall for more top of the range brand is just in the neighbourhood....metro is about 100 meters away... Seoul Tower is not so far (though not walking distance)... many small good priced restaurants nearby. Front desk, not overly friendly but pleasant, housekeeping when asked with adaptor, turned up within 2 minutes, the valet helped us with hailing and saying taxi drivers our destinations, left luggage facility is brilliant, LOCATION VERY SAFE, there is also a bank at the 2nd floor for currency exchange, only one thing, no in-room wifi, only at the lobby...but will surely stay Location Overall, the stay was pleasant, location was very convenient and accessible. However, we were quite disappointed with the air-conditioning system in-room. On such hot summer day, they should provide more powerful air-cond. Could you imagine waking up in the middle of the night sweating? That was unpleasant :( Other than that, everything was fine. Probably if you are travelling there during cooler seasons, you may consider this hotel as it is quite affordable near subway we asked for double bed but staff said no double bed in hotel have only twin bed but we found hotel brochure its has double bed . lots of japanese in this hotel. very near subway and lotte department. overall is good but price a bit expensive for us compare with other hotels in thailand is the best one in same price cleanliness, location and room size the hotel is excellent with a great location, great rooms and well maintained facilities. the room is more than big enough for two adults with large bags. the bathroom facilities are well maintained also. the hotel does have a feeling of pretence about it which is to be expected. no free internet is provided. the hotel is located close to a number of popular seoul attractions, many of which are in walking distance. the airport bus and a number of dmz tours leave from close by also. Friendly hotel staff Good location to Myeongdong, but hotel rooms a bit old fashion. Reasonable size of the room. Will stay again if going Korea next trip..  it's a great location to go anywhere among downtown of seoul. it's a five minute wolk to myung-dong and lotte department stores, which are all great for shopping. also very near to korean palaces with 5~ 15 minute walk. room is rather out of date but still good enough to stay. Nice and clean room with comfortable Hotel room is nice and comfortable located in good location. Location this is my second stay at president hotel and i've chosen it again because of its central location and easy connections to other parts of seoul through the subway which is just within walking distance. however, this hotel requires refurbishment, rooms are getting old and shabby and facilities within the room needs to be upgraded (e.g. providing kettles in the rooms should be a base standard and the toiletries can be more comprehensive, especially when it is a 4-star hotel). also, service standards can be better - the front and bell desks staff seem demotivated and there was a lack of warmth and friendliness. given its fantastic location, physical upgrading and service improvements will help cement this hotel's appeal. Best Location and easy to Subway good location but small room and old style of decoration...the service personal was good and friendly to guest easy to find gs-25,dd the room was old,air condition was not good Nice location located next to lotte hotel which has easy access to myondon area on foot. not particular on services but they have staffs who speaks japanese. facility seems not new ... near shopping area the hotel is well located in the city hall...next to famous hotels like the plaza, lotte hotel. besides, shopping area meydong is within walking distance, very convenient. there is shuttle bus running from the airport to the city hall every 20mins. the stop is just in front of lotte hotel. new renovated room walk around 10 mins to people square, new room in modern style. next to shopping center the location is very good. close to shopping center and supermarket as well as tourist place. City hall and palace is in a short walk, Myeong Dong is just across the street. Convenience??Alternative stay besides downtown??Not bad but nothing special.??location : good, breakfast : bad??Soso??From Incheon Airport Bus 6600 (KRW15,000) alights at Jangji Station with 10 minutes walk. Check-in at 1500 hours and Check-out at 1100 hours. Outside has few 24/7 stores with nearby is Garden 5.... some shopping and eating. The nearby attractions from the hotel are unique, like garak Market where you can choose your own seafood and they will prepare for you sashimi style or cook, hyundai mall at garden 5 where there's a big indoor playground for kids, direct line to lotte Tower. Con : the room is too deem, and they did not clean our room on the 2nd day. Clean room with a bed and shower. Ok if staying in the area. Otherwise just another place with a low quality breakfast buffet. so so We stayed 1 night for business. If you don't have big expectations, there's good. Near megabox, a lot of restaurants. But breakfast is terrible. Most meals are instant or retort pouch and taste also bad. Disappointed ??Not Worth The Money???묓샇??Amazing Food but not good customer service??ARMY AAA Ball??not clean as I taught.??5 stars services??Small rooms, inconvenient furnishings??Good Restaurant??Great location but the room was quite small.??Great location with good service??Grand Hyatt Hotel,??My experience in Grand Hyatt Hotel??Staff completely ignore my requests via email :( . Asked for mountain view but since the hotel is fully book they said they?셝 upgraded us to higher floor but end up in room with river view i never asked for. So i made a request to change wait for like 30 mins or more to change back to the room we booked at first to only found out that the upgraded room was smaller :( so i think the hotel just said that they upgraded for our anniversary to make us feel good. Whatever we got into our room late so we were late for our dinner reservation. And the hotel reject to give us turn down service because its past 5 o?셛lock (but we were late because of hotel?셲 mistake) This staycation was meant for my 1st anniversary but everything wasn?셳 so smooth as i planned and i really expected more so i?셫 very disappointing. Seoul has many nice hotels and we went here for the pool as it was summer. However, the pool is NOT refreshing. The water is warm and no deep end. It's about four feet throughout. It's also very crowded! To make matters worse you have to check in and get a wrist band. All not appealing to our family. The gym is very nice but the classes they offered and only one or two a day were always full immediately. I could not understand how a hotel this big is offering one yoga class for 20 people.? Silly and super cheap. Instructors don't cost that much and the classes should be offered multiple times a day. Big disappointment. Never been to a five star resort that does not offer a morning coffee station somewhere??? Again, cheap! Finally the coffee in the room is not a perk coffee but nescafe add water. Worse than camping. Not much else to do. Restaurants were over the top pricey. Location difficult and only one shuttle an hour to town. It fills up? Get a cab. CHEAP! the light is out of functions , it took a lot of time they still can't fix it . in the end i ask for change a room. another thing is , i left my coat over the 1 st room, they fail to notice me, before i checked out. very disappoint of the service. it was very good hotel with nice view on the mountain. japanese food in the restaurant was amazing especially Teppan. but there are a few things that i dont understand and not happy with. 1. Front desk staffs are not so friendly.. no smile 2.In house gst also need to pay for car parking which is very ridiculous 3. i put DND for my room but laundry staff still knocked my door in the morning 4. House keeping lady kept asking me what time im leaving... even though i said i will let you know later... 5. guests who stay club room below are not able to use sauna... very funny Grand Hayatt.. super snobbish hotel in Korea!!! The hotel was beautiful, our room was nice, and the food was good. The only issue we had was that they were not ready for the number of people that were staying that weekend. We were stuck in traffic attempting to get into the parking. Then there was no more parking and no place to park off the property. We were then late to the ball due to having zero place to go. The room we were staying in was a suite and for $400 a night I would think I could park or even get valet parking should I want it. as I wrote Good service, good food, pleasant experience Hyatt always provided good services and good food, hotel room is spacious, just the location is bit far from commerial area, as its up on the hill location, lobby, staff We stayed at the Grand Hyatt, as a treat to ourselves, just before moving back to the U.S. In retrospect, it was a mistake. The lobby is beautiful, and the rooms are well appointed with good bedding. However, the rooms are small, and the desk and furnishings are very inconvenient. We were constantly bumping in to the multi-part desk in front of the windows, and bumping our heads on the low hanging lamps in the corners. The A/C was on full blast, and made our entire family sick. Toddler has a fever, my daughter and I have sinusitis. The food is excellent, as we have eaten there before at the Japanese restaurant for a holiday. However, dinner starts at 80,000 won per person, and quickly goes up to 110,000 + for buffet selections. Wine selection are 10-15x the price of the same bottle in the U.S. Tea in the lobby is 12,000 won. Latte is 15,000. Room service hamburger is about 22,000. While it is a beautiful hotel, I do not recommend it for families, unless you find it inconvenient to carry large wads of cash in your pockets. Good Restaurant Overall, the room is clean and spacious and the restaurants served very good food. Best view in Seoul The hotel is recognised as one of the finest in Seoul and is located on the Namsam mountain with amazing views of the city. Very conveniently located above Itaewon for travelers looking to experience great restaurants and nightlife. Right next to the train station. It has a small kitchen. English speaking staff Overall, I liked my stay there. It's very convenient as the subway station is right next to it.  As a Goldpassport member, I have enjoyed as usual.Thanks I like the hotel attendants who received me during my arrival He was Mr Cott He never recceived money I am offering to him as a tip. He said in 5 star hotels like Grand Hyatt they do not receive tips from guests. I admire his sense of professionalism the ambience of the hotel seems to be gloomy to me because of the lighting probably. Theair food is not as tasty during the buffet breakfast which I did during my last day in the hotel. As a whole my stay in Grand Hyatt Hotel in Seoul Korea was fair because mostly I am in the conference hotel in Grand Hilton Hotel most of the time. One thing I enjoyed in Hyatt is the seoul tower as my background in the room. I am thrilled to see the tower just a view from my hotel. The staff are courteous and I commend Mr Scott for his high sense of professionalism in his work. This is the first time I experience not tipping the hotel attendants. The food during the breakfast buffet did not met my expectations. As an asian traveler, I was expecting rice for breakfast but i did not see. It was all bread so the options are limited. The rooms are clear and well cleaned. The door are well secured. Thank you very much for giving me the opportunity to give my comments. Good Hotel???묓샇??always good choice to pick this hotel??Average??no service??OK hotel. not overly accommodating to guest needs??Front staff look like governor and buyer even we pay them.??Front office staffs were awesome but not F&B staffs??I like that hotel due to the location. Its a walk from Gangnam station about 15min, a bit far from public transportation but still ok for a walk. The room is clean. Would go there again. Good thing: Relatively well-managed facilities. Not bad: location(a bit far from subway station but okay) Not sure that all rooms are in the same condition, but especially for my room: Bad thing: bedding and night-gown were worn out. Some part of wall papers were dirty. comfy and clean. good location. was kinda small parking area which my car can not fit but they have vallet parking so it was ok. over all always good choice to pick silla stay. Train station is not very near, not a very good location as not much restaurant and shops around. Hotel is very stingy in giving the toiletries and only give us when we call and ask for it everyday. Request mineral water will be charged 1000won. Room is not very spacious. But overall bed is comfy and it is a new hotel therefore it?셲 clean. Staff at the reception can be more friendly, because they didn?셳 seem to be very helpful when we asked for help or some travel information We stayed at the hotel for 4 days, however, the room keeper has never thought of refilling the shampoo, shower gel, toothpaste, etc. They would only provide you with new ones when you call the front desk. The hotel is clean, facilities are ok, location is OK. I was a bit frustrated bc I had a late check out (4pm) which they accommodated at 50% of a day rate. Which is somewhat reasonable. Except that the rate the benchmarked at was 2x what i paid for my booking on agoda. So, they charged me '50%' for a late checkout that was the same price that i was paying nightly for my previous 5 nights. That was frustrating. Also, one day i was in a rush before afternoon meetings for lunch and went to eat at the restaurant around 1130. It was empty. But they said i could not eat bc it was all full/booked for some event. So i was left scrambling for lunch options as i was counting on eating at my hotel. It would have been good if they kept some spots available for lunch for hotel guests or at least communicated if the lunch would be closed for any days in advance. Front staff no smile and looks buyer. I am shock It was good not great because of bad fnb staffs. Bad reputation for Shilla???쒕갑 ?덈맖... ??Desappointed??Everything at the hotel is fine, but hardly to contact the hotel ??Terrible maintenance ???묓샇??Not worth the price??so so???묓샇??Great location but NO Air Conditioning??The ambience was good but there was no porter service which cause a bit of inconvenience.??Had to switch room 3 times over 2 days due to improperly working air conditioner, staff was slow ??Elevator???묓샇??Great location??Mediocre ??nice location???묓샇??Free Parking is based per day??Average hotel.??This might take a while... so here's the summary -long wait at the reception for check-in (30 mins pretty much in the sun at 3 p.m.) -no individual air conditioning (central controlled) -close-to-hostile staff at breakfast buffet -shower booth wasn't clean and it smelled funny -one of the pillow cases had blood stains -elevators took forever -I wouldn't stay here even if I were paid to -I would recommend this hotel to "friends" I don't like Stayed over the weekend. There were quite a lot of guests. Check-in was from 1500, and there were only three receptionists. The line for check-in stretched from the reception, around the small lobby area, to the elevators (probably spent 30 minutes standing in line - no complimentary drinks were offered... or did I expect too much?). The room temperature was 25.5 degrees and remained between 25.5 and 26 throughout my stay. NO INDIVIDUAL CLIMATE CONTROL. This was outrageous. It was a hot day, spent half an hr waiting in line to check in in a lobby lit with natural light and the room felt warm. I waited, thinking I might be just running a little hot. Waiting didn't help. So I made a call to the reception and asked why the room is not getting any cooler even when I set the temperature to 18 degrees. The answer I got was "your room temperature is normal" like I'm supposed to conform to the "norm" set by someone who gets cold easily. Why bother having the controller in the room when it doesn't even control the temperature? I would have felt more comfortable at a boutique hotel where I can set my own temperature. I didn't want to ruin anyone's day that day. But I hope this review ruins the day for someone who's responsible. The staff at breakfast buffet were dying to make it obvious that they hated their lives. I felt sorry to ask for scrambled eggs. I felt sorry to arrive at 9:20 and ask for a seat(10 mins before last entry and 40 minutes before closing). I paid for services and I had to feel sorry to receive them (receive.... is This hotel is run by one of Korea?셲 leading hotel franchises, but I must say I was disappointed with my stay. 1. This hotel is built with centralized temperature control system. That itself is fine but the unit in my room did not produce any heat at all. It?셲 late February and the temperature often drops below freezing point in Korea. The management is obviously aware of the malfunction because they placed a small electric heater in the room. 2. I was asked for an ID upon checking in. You may ask foreign guests to present their passport but you don?셳 ask for an ID to domestic guests ??that?셲 the international standard. This is not a small local motel so please have that level of knowledge and etiquette. 3. When I took a walk around 9pm I had a chance to observe the whole hotel building. The occupancy rate seemed less than 20%, still they gave me a room with the shittiest view. All the view I could enjoy from my room was parts of this hotel building and parts of the building right next to this building. I could barely see the sky. 1. ?쒕갑 ?덈맖. 諛붾떏???볦뿬吏??묒? ?꾧린?덊꽣 諛ㅼ깉 耳쒓퀬 ?먯빞?? 2. 誘몄꽦?꾩옄 ?섏씠 ?뺤씤?섎뒗 寃껊룄 ?꾨땺 ?먮뜲 泥댄겕?몄떆 ?좊텇利앹쓣 蹂댁뿬 ?щ씪???ы븳??留ㅻ꼫瑜?蹂댁뿬以? 3. ?섎쭖? 鍮덈갑???대쾭?ㅻ몢怨?嫄대Ъ ?대?留?蹂댁씠??酉곌? 理쒖븙??諛⑹쓣 ?닿쾶 二쇰뒗 ?댁쑀??萸먯엫? ?쒖솢 ?꾨쭩???붾え?묒씤 諛⑹쓣 ?닿쾶 二쇰뒗嫄곗짛? ?붿쬁 鍮덈갑 留롮옏?꾩슂????쇨퀬 ?곗??몄슂. No air com... it was so hot in the room. I called the reception and the only suggestion they gave me was to open the window. I actually did... but then it was too noisy and difficult to sleep. If there is no air com in winter, they should control heating Better! It was 26 degrees in the room (as per display available in the room) and so difficult to relax. Everything at the hotel is fine, but hardly to contact the hotel before the check-in date. I tried to contact the hotel in several ways (phone call, e-mail, DM facebook, sent query via hotel website) but no one response back. In room telephone did not work. Chairs were dirty. The staff was not prompt to help with the problem. She was more concerned about selling other rooms than reserving a room to switch. Booked 2 rooms. One of the rooms smelt of stale cigarette smoke. The other had a faulty phone. Ample food is available around the hotel. Hotel is closer to Jonggak station. They turn off the air conditioning at night so the room gets uncomfortably hot. And the pictures dont match what you get. Much smaller than I expected. it's so so Towels in bathroom need to be newer We stayed for four nignts in this hotel and it was such a disappointment. Especially considering Shilla brand and the fact that the hotel is regarded as a 4 star, what we experienced was just unacceptable. We found the AC in the room was not working and asked for it to be fixed. The staff explained that the room temperature is controlled centrally and they keep the room temperature in certain range according to their policy... IS THIS A JOKE? Essentially what it meant was the individual AC in each room does not work but for a mere display. I have never experienced such a ridiculous "policy" especially with a so called four star hotel. The staffs were nice and kind but utterly useless. We received a fan from day 3 but it did not help to cool down the room. The room temperature was consistently between 26 to 28 degrees during our 4 night stay. Although the hotel is definitely in a prime location, I will NEVER recommend this hotel. There are many other options in the area with proper AC. More room cleaning staff is required . Otherwise staff at the front desk were very really cooperative. Also, the person answering mails did a good job. Rooms were warm on hot days in July and staff was slow to respond, very frustrating having to repeat call for hvac I had to wait at least three minutes each time when I used the elevator. It seems that my expectations were too high because it is more expensive than other hotels. But I could not find any other reason to stay there. I recommend this hotel to those who like the fency design . 1 at first, check in that nite reception front desk look like not welcoming but the next day other ships reception front desk are warmer then check in that shifts staff ! 2. Hotel or Agoda mark this hotel were 5star hotel, as what I?셫 not agreed with that due to the rooms look like budget hotel kind of small , Also toiletries teeth brushing cup are paper cup rape with plastic outside its look un clean or imaging very low 3. The best value of this hotel will be location are convenient as well as the room it?셲 very small but clean and comfortable mattress and warm light can have a very good atmosphere! I've stayed in this hotel many time already, and this is my first time staying with family. This hotel's location is excellent. It's super close to metro line 1 and line 5 and walking distance to line 2. Overall the room is clean and big enough for 3 peoples with 3 luggage. Centrally located clean hotel. But absolutely no character. Not a hotel as I know that institution to be (and I stay at many). Lobby is on the 8th floor which is inconvenient. Lobby is also cold. Entrance on 1st floor is ugly and windswept. Staff are helpful but there are very few of them. For reasons I cannot understand taxi drivers had difficulty locating it. You can do much better for similar money elsewhere cozy, clean, easy to approach public transportation not bad Quite and cozy place to stay in downtown, and room amenities are good enough, but size of room is not enough. and if parking time was exceed 24 hour continuously, it should be paid and pretty expensive. Room is very small. Location wise is near subway station. Not much variety for breakfast.
Convenient shuttle service ” Good 4-star hotel but location is not ideal” Had a pleasant stay at this hotel.” Good but something worst..” Nice Big Room in A New Hotel” Location a bit out, luckily there is a shuttle. Rooms were clean and good overall. ” Value for money” Nice hotel but not so near from the bus stop or mrt” 양호” Ok... ” aircon will not work inside room during winter, 30-31 degrees celcius room temperature” Location not good” 양호” Unpleasant service” QUIET PLACE BUT GREAT SHUTTLE BUS SERVICE” 양호” 양호” Staff not friendly” Locator not the best” 양호” Upon checked in, the room we were given was full of cigarette smell, despite requesting for non smoking room. The second room given was slightly better, although there were traces of lingering cigarette smell. We like the free shuttle provided by the hotel, to Dong Daemun and Myeondong. Very convenient, because the service runs into late at night. We also like the on site washer and dryer machines, with a small fee. The staff are not very friendly though, without smiles and not so keen in helping us answering questions about places to visit. We arrived late at night and the kids were hungry. The staff told us there are nothing to eat around the hotel, restaurants will be closed already. When we looked around the hotel, looking for food, we found right opposite the hotel, there are restaurants still open, serving BBQ and Ramen. The kids happily tucked into the food. The hotel itself is nice, has a good driveway, easy access to taxis. Inside, it is a 4-star hotel - very clean, bright, very good service. I really want to like this hotel except that it is quite far from Myeongdong - where all the action is. The good thing is they provide a free shuttle that will bring you to and from Myeongdong and other key spots like Dongdaemun and Kwangjang Market. The problem is you'll need to follow the shuttle's schedule. This was fine for my sister and mother because we were able to save up on public transportation expenses but it was not ok for me because I don't want to be tied down to anyone's schedule. Since my mother is a senior and has difficulty walking long walks, we couldn't just walk back to the hotel (I think it is 10-15 mins away and really walkable) so either we wait at the bus stop in the cold weather for the bus, or we take a cab/subway. It is a good value for money hotel though. So still ok. Room is spacious and clean. Location wise is not that near to myeongdong shopping area but the hotel provides shuttle bus so overall not a big issue. My friends and I are happy staying at this hotel. Hi My wife, two kids and I, checked in on 12th November 2019 to 16th November 2019. Hotel without any room service , and without any restaurant for dinning at all. But the worst experience was on the 12th, we bought a cake for my daughter’s 3rd birthday. We brought back to the hotel cafe and wanted to order some drinks and cut the cake. But was chased out and reject by one of the waitress, claiming that no cake can be cut here! We explained that it was my daughter’s birthday, but still not allowed to cut the cake. It’s the worst hotel experience we had before. Property is newly constructed or renovated or well maintained. We had a big room that was very clean. Bathroom was also nice. I will recommend it for couples or for lengthy stays or business trips. Clean rooms. No coffee capsule for 1 day and only 3 sets of amenities on the last day. Bed was too soft that we had backache next morning. Location was terrible but the rest was outstanding. Very big room. Clean enough bed sheets. Corridor interior was one of the best. Very fast check-in and check-out. Loved the balcony as I prefer natural vent. You need to pass the alley to reach the hotel. Don’t feel so safe if you walk alone at night. The hotel provide shuttle bus to mrt, myeondong and dongdaemun which is good but only for certain timing. Like the water refill machine and hotel is very bright. The front desk staffs especially the ladies can improve the services when answering the questions, not sure if it is language barrier or not. Quite easy to get food around the hotel and there is convenience store in the basement. Was quite disappointed with the location of the hotel. It is not very far from the train station, but you have to walk thru like a alley which is smelly and dark. The flooring is also very uneven, making it very hard to push your luggage around. Other than that, the hotel is quite clean and spacious. They also do provide shuttle bus service as well. Pros - room is pretty big! Cons - isn’t as near to train station as described. Thankfully that’s free shuttle bus (every one hour). Modern hotel with big bed, nice facilities. However you will have a hard time sleeping because the aircon will not work during winter. Aircon is centrally controlled and the room temperature is 30-31 degrees celcius even if you set the aircon temperature to 21 degrees and use their fan and compromise your privacy and safety by opening slightly opening the balcony sliding windows just to have some cold air outside to enter the room. Not near to Myeong-dong, needa wait shuttle bus service every time. love the free shuttle especially after a long day of walking I dnt like the staff they dont have enough service mind for this expensive price hotel and no information guide as i have read on the reviews and when i miss the shuttle bus, i have to walk quite far although location is off but the shuttle bus service has been really great! Breakfast is simple can make more option. And housekeeping job is great Its nice place and the shuttle bus in the city help us .. Room is quite big. Breakfast is so so. Misled by hotel name. Not in heart of myeongdong, need to walk 5-10 min and take 1 stop to MYEONG-DONG. Hotel rates cheap but location not good. The facility has shuttle buses but did not cater to hotel guests. It seems that they cater more for events such as weddings. Not a good costumer service. Passive Service” Good Self Service Facilities” It's a little out of the way, but ok” Okay for overnight stay” Only if u get it cheap” Staff are not so friendly. ” Limited privileges” Obscure Entrance” Nice” Newly refurbished but location is let down” 양호” Value for $$$” Good location. ” 양호” Big room” 양호” Could be better” 양호” It is very convenience as it got a shuttle bus to take you to Myeong-dong and Dongdaemun.” Not 4 Stars but van was great” 1) one of the night manager's reply is mostly: "I do not know..." so was tempted to ask: "what do you know then?". 2) bell boy service extremely poor! failed to assist to hail a cab, so we went back to concierge for help! 3) hotel booklet outdated info, so we were misled to believe there was supposedly free shuttle service to some locations! 4) no buffets being served yet, but staffs said buffets are available for guests. So we went to the buffets and was told no buffets till mid Nov! 5) the room I booked for 5 nights, no Air Con. I was told by the staff the Air Con is not working (guess it was just plain BS cos it is autumn and maybe the hotel wanted to save on electricity). We were fine since it was cool autumn EXCEPT the Air Con auto turned on and we could not off it! and it auto off after a period of time but it was cold! The saving grace for this hotel is location, that's all. Room is generally clean except a little dated. The one we stayed was a deluxe, so the bathroom seems to be recently renovated because it stench with glue smell ... very awful so we shut the bath door most of the time. Free self-check-in lockers if you arrive early or need to leave late. Rooms were cozy. Service was basic. Apart from the check-in, check-out interaction, all other forms of request are sort of out of the picture. I guess this works for some people - minimal interaction. But at some point (we stayed for 6 nights), you would need to ask for something. Example, I had take-out food. there were no utensils in the bag, the housekeeping does not understand English, so I had to go down the reception to ask for a chopstick. The guy told me that they do not have (or do not provide) chopsticks and told me to go to a convenience store nearby to get one. Breakfast was so-so, better get one outside the hotel. The location was ok, about 3-5 min walk to 2 different subway lines, but nothing really near the touristy areas, A very local's location. The room was clean and comfortable enough. I didnt use any of the extra facilities. The hotels hosts wedding receptions, and there was a wedding being held while we were there, so it's nice enough. Was okay for a short stay , breakfast was hit and miss Title says it all. Not that the hotel is bad, just that you probably will not want to part with $$ for a hotel in a very nondescript area. Metro stations are close enough though so we didn't find it inconvenient In fact, we've legged it back from Dongdaemun and Nandemun areas. The hotel shuttle is pretty handy too. Although the hotel is in between 2 train lines, I found the location rather inconvenient. I would stay in the heart of Myeongdong in the future. The shuttle buses were helpful but the one that goes to Myeongdong and back ends around 7pm but usually we will shop till 10pm then I have to take the train back to the station nearest to PJ then walk abt 7-8 mins to the hotel; incurring extra cost to take the train just for one stop. The Dongdaemun shuttle ends around 2am in the morning. Staff were not friendly and often look uninitiated. They don’t carry a smile on their face and their body language always seem to suggest - do not ask my anything. Other than these, hotel was clean but the lights in my room was dim and the safebox was on low battery. location to mrt is good but have to walk along side lane. room is clean & the basic toiletries available. Very strict parking regulation. No grace period. Hard to locate as the entrance is not along a main road. The airport limousine bus stop 6015 - Chungmuro Station is not that convenient. Better to stop at the Best Western Kukdo Hotel Stop for 6015 and walk up towards Hotel PJ. It is also easier if you have heavy luggage to do this. Good one The hotel is situated in a downtown area between myeongdong and eulgiro... its not too far from the stations but the area is dark and quite empty at night and so is a bit inconvenient. On the plus side the hotel has regular short shuttle going between these and other local stations every 15 min. Rooms are quite big with a Japanese feel and quite new and modern, as they've recently renovated. The hotel is close to 3 different subway lines. And the shuttle bus which makes drop offs at major areas is a real plus. Location is not that great but with the shutter bus is ok. subway is near as well Hotel staff are helpful. Easy access to two subway stations. Small eateries around hotel and 2 convenience stores nearby too. Best of all, hotel provide free hanbok for photo taking. Overall good experience. If you want room service, stay away because they don't have it. Otherwise a fine hotel. Pros: Near airport bus station, room is big, staff are friendly, free hotel shuttle bus to nearby area like Dongdaemun, Myeongdong Cons: Computer in room not function Beware of your belongings The room could have been maintained better. The location is a little far from restaurants but there's a convenient store on the side of the hotel if you feel hungry late at night. Let's start with the cons in order to get that out of the way: My room was tiny for the price, extremely outdated, and still had hairs in the shower. This may simply have been an anomaly, but it was not worth the price I paid. Also, the location at which the shuttle service from the airport drops you off has no indication of where to go for the hotel, which can be confusing for a non-Korean speaker. I would suggest having a sign directing guests which street to take. To end on a good note, here are the pros: The breakfast buffet was delicious! The staff spoke English and were quite nice. Hotel facilities also quite pleasant. Located between Dobdaemun and Myeongdong, with a shuttle bus running between these two places from 0815 till 0200. It makes it become a super convenience place to stay. You can also get on the subway to go other places. First the bad..The condition of the room looked like 2.5 stars: there were tears and stains on the wallpaper, holes in the sheets, and they were a bit passive about people smoking. When we first walked In the hallway I almost had a hard time breathing, and I used to be a smoker. It even seeped into our room. They asked the person to stop and so it got better for a bit. However when it started up again the next day, the guy at the front desk told me there was nothing they could do other than change me to a room with a lesser view. Also, there are no restaurants open after 10 in the area. Now the good. There were two chairs with a little table where we could nicely sit. The toilet was also a heated bidet. The female staff were very helpful. Best was the van. They have two circuits (1 in am + 1 in pm) that go around dropping you off to various shopping areas. They run every half hour. You can get off and in as much as you want - the last one was 2 am. Location” 양호” Shopping ” Good” Good room setting” Location is not ideal!” Good location ” Spacious Room” It's far from Myeongdong Shopping Street” Industrial location, staff, shuttle bus ” Lots of local eateries nearby ” Would recommend this hotel to friends ” No room service. No restaurant” Comfortable & Nice hotel” Not bad. not good. ” Location near to metro station” Convenient” Shuttle bus FTW” Good stay at Hotel PJ Myeongdong” Good value ” Far away to Myeongdong if we wanna walk to there. Although there is shuttle bus, it only runs til 6pm, thus, you need to back to hotel by subway. Also, after 8pm, not much ppl is there. One who travels by him/herself needs to consider his/her own safety. For the serivces of the hotel, it is so far so good. the hotel needs to walk around 5-10mins from the station. the street between the station and the hotel is quite dark. the hotel shuttle bus won't pass through Myoungdong after 6pm which is very inconvenience. however, the room has enough room even has 3 beds. Nice Shuttle bus is very helpful. Nil It is far from all subways and the shuttle bus timings and locations are not very ideal too! Near to the metro station and the airport bus stop, just Five minutes walking distance. Clean room and Hourly free shuttle bus go to myeongdong Perhaps is the location, thats y the room is very specious. It's far from Myeongdong Shopping Street, the provision of free shuttle bus from the hotel made it up for the travelling. Breakfast spread was good. It's far from Myeongdong Shopping Street, however the provision of free shuttle bus from the hotel made it up for the travelling. Breakfast spread was good. Much industrial/factory activities nearby and close to subway stations. Check-in staff and housekeeping are efficient, but concierge weak in giving directions. Shuttle bus driver is very helpful. Stayed for six nights in PJ Hotel . Hotel was far from the busy Myeongdong street. Hotel do provide shuttle bus service . Lots of local eateries nearby and price was reasonable . Hotel provided free shuttle bus to some tourist attraction area which is a plus point I was unwell and couldn't order room service. Other than breakfast no other meal.. Hotel has family room which is a plus point for family travelling with young children. Room was clean everyday. However, the bed linen & towels are too worn out. Shower curtain has algae. The toilet has strong sewage smell . Toilet bowl was choked but was fixed immediately. Stayed for 6 nights & registered 4 pax, but had to call for 2 extra bath towels every night when we return. However, the Housekeeper who delivered the towel every night is exceptionally friendly! Location is ok. Accessible by subway and hotel shuttle. Hotel shuttle information not very clear, one of the stops were 7-Eleven near Sejong Hotel. We waited at the one outside Hotel Skypark III which is next building to Sejong Hotel, but was told that it was the wrong 7-Eleven. The stop is at Hotel Ibis Ambassador which is way further across the street. Safety & Security is superb! Keycard control in elevators & alonf corridors. Balcony furniture were secured to prevent kids from moving it near the ledge. Self automated baggage lockers are fantastic. Coin Operated Laudromat could have been great if it is 24hrs. Anyway, there is no staff manning thr area. We were stranded at the hotel for 3 hours to wait for the load to complete. Housekeeping staff are warm & friendly. Front Office staff not rude but not friendly. We took a taxi to the airport. 2 of the hotel staff told us that it cost KRW70,000 but taxi driver insistef that there is a toll fee of KRW5,000. Would be better if hotel staff were to inform us that there might be toll fees, depending on which route the driver takes. Overall, hotel is nice & we still enjoyed our stay. Not bad. not good. This hotel was chosen There is hotel shuttle bus that take us to nearby stations and shopping place Nicely situated in between Chungmuro and Eujiro3 train stations. Shuttle buses to Namdaemun and Dongdaemun were the reason we chose this hotel. Staff was friendly and English-speaking. Room is very clean. We are a small group of 3. The room is just nice for 3. Bed is comfy. Hot and cold Water supply is along the walk way of the rooms which is convenient for guest to replenish. It is general clean and they supply dispenser toiletry such as shampoo, conditioner and shower gel. They provide tooth brash and paste too. As for location, it is not really in walking distance to Myeongdong for us. Especially under hot weather. However, they provide shuttle services to Myeongdong and dongdemun. So after all, it is still convenience for us. We explored the shops and eateries around the hotel and had good and cheap food there. There is a bakery with tasty organic bread and good coffee. We really enjoyed it very much. The next time in Seoul, I will definite consider to stay there. A good price for the facilities and cleanliness. Location is a bit of a walk from nearest subway. Nice and recommendable hotel” Good family size room ” OK hotel with not so ok location” Good good” Cleanliness & Breakfast” Poor location with no luck with the shuttle bus” Good” Good hotel” Average hotel ” Holiday in Seoul” Convenient and comfortable” still ok ” HOTEL REVIEW” Nearly perfect” comfortable stay for 3nights” FAMILY VACATION” Not too bad a hotel.” Nice Room” Nice Hotel” Comfortable room. Good value.” Free shuttle bus is very useful to us. Didn't know that the airport transfer stopped outside and need to wait for the hotel shuttle bus, walk about 10mins with luggages to the front door. Should have known earlier. good size room for budget travel with children Hotel is sitting right in between 2 subway stations (Euljiro3 and 4) and very confusing to navigate from subway station to hotel. Hotel location is far away from tourist attractions. Need to take cab or subway to go anywhere. Hotel provided shuttle didn't serve my timings so I didn't utilize. There is CU convenience store and a 711 at doorstep. There is also some local eateries at the doorsteps. There is a restaurant that serves pretty good bbq eel behind the coffee stall at the subway entrance. Yummy. Hotel room is clean. Toilet shower looks old but is clean. No coffee and tea in room. No disposable slippers avail, only worned slippers avail. Good good The room was quite run down, door opener was noisy. Room was dusty, carpet was not very clean and lack of room amenities. Breakfast was with few variety, especially for those staying 5days and above. The plus points were the hotel provide self-laundry, water and ice dispenser at every floor and shuttle service to attractions. We just did not have the patience to wait for the shuttle bus and ended up walking a long way to the hotel with no shops at all, very remote walk. Our schedule had to work around the schedule of the bus. Location is isolated. Surprisingly, this hotel has such good reviews. We had no luck with the bus at all! I booked 4 nights and decided to ditch this place on the 2nd night for Loisir @ Myeongdong which is located just at the entrance of Myeongdong. Money wasted but worth it. 1st time we changed a hotel halfway thru at our loss. This hotel is not for us with or with a baby in toll! Good Free shuttle was really good Shuttle bus service was good. However, some rooms are getting a bit old and the room we had has foul smell coming out from the bathroom drain. The location is very good, worth staying in this hotel. Comfortable and convenient Room need some maintenace Nt much thing in the hotel to do NOTHING TO COMMENT NO COMMENT, COS STAY ONLY FOR ONE NIGHT. The only part of our stay with which we were not completely satisfied was the location. It was difficult to find, and not convenient to a subway station. shuttle; ambience of the room.. I did like the shuttle that they provided.. Be more particular about cleanliness.. Staff we're helpful enough... Although i don't get to stay more in the hotel but i do hope that you provide more English channel.. CLEAN AND COMFORTABLE ROOM, TIMELY BUS SHUTTLE SERVICE SATISFACTORY Room size is right for 2-3 people. Shuttle buses to shopping area is good. Staff are helpful. Generally is a good hotel. Clean room and helpful staff. Shuttle bus makes travelling to Shopping area convenient. However, there should be more sign posting from subway stations to hotel. Otherwise, may be hard to find your way. 10 mins walk can be 20 mins if you missed the turn. Good Hotel Nice but the only thing is they really strict when its come to check in policy of 2pm. We arrive at early flight around 6am and reach PJ at 8am we try to check in coz were tired already but they dont allow us to check in early we have to wait for 2pm really disappointed its too cold that time. Shuttle bus, Spacious Room Room was spacious, clean and comfortable. The shuttle bus was advantageous for my family since it was our first trip to Seoul. Cleanliness. The room size is good and comfortable. Good value. We had a lady's twin room and the size of the room was very good and comfortable. Everything was clean. Location was also quite good although the road from the airport bus shuttle to the hotel was not easy if you are carrying a big luggage as there were steps. Anyhow, it was a short walk and the hotel is easy to find if you just follow the directions given. The staff is not very helpful. We wanted to get a cab to one of the restaurants we book and ask the staff to write the address down in Korean but were told to take a subway and walk there instead because there were demonstrations and the traffic was bad. We took the subway and could not find the place after walking for an hour looking for it as the directions were not clear and no one was able to help. So we miss the restaurant booking completely and had to find somewhere else to eat. To our annoyance, we saw no demonstration around that area and the traffic was fine. Nice hotel” overall is good” Big Room Size with a Balcony.” Pleasant Stay” Very good location” I prefer this hotel always while I'm at Korea ” Normal hotel stay, nothing to shout about” Room always clean” Value for money” Good” Good hotel, kind of confusing location” good value hotel” Better suited to business travellers” The free shuttle service is a plus” Weekeend stay at PJ Hotel” Staff very polite” PJ can do better!” PJ Hotel Seoul” confortable and roomy” triple single beded with balcony good for smoker” Friendly staff. Friendly and helpful staff, good location, nice room Room size, price and location. Proximity to subway, near to places of interest and convenient location Convenient location, airport bus station just few minutes walk Location is good , hotel staff very helpful and airport bus station just few minutes walk Size of room, cleanliness Experience is ok. If travel with young children, good to stay nearer to shopping area, to avoid taking shuttle bus, as the shuttle bus packed most of the time. Especially during noon time, when the guests are doing their check-out and want to take the shuttle bus to the train station. And 30 mins of interval is kinda waste of time. End up, we took the public transport most of the time. Cleanliness is good. Daily housekeeping, near airport bus stop, Korean restaurants right outside The room was quite hard to find at first. Room is always cleaned, toiletries and bottled water refilled. We always come back at the hotel in the evening and find the bed made, the bathroom cleaned. our things arranged. The room was small but the bed was spacious. Toilet bowl with cleaning facilities Convenience Clean Room, Comfortable Bed, Shuttle bus service The hotel is clean and good for family. The shuttle bus service was a great advantage for free and easy travellers. cleanliness, comfortable, affordable price is reasonable and the room is big and clean, good to stay Location is not very good, quite difficult to find it after took the subway The roads which connected to the hotel are dark and dirty in night Seems not safe but overall it is reasonable price and high cp value Comfortable stay, reasonable price PJ Hotel is situated in the printing district (i.e an industrial area). There's no nightlife or tourists attractions in the immediate area. Also, there's no pool, sauna, gym or communal area, so unless you're out seeing Seoul's sites, there isn't much to do at the hotel. Whilst I don't want to "slam" PJ Hotel with a bad review, I do think it is much better suited for business travellers and South Koreans than it is for foreign travellers. Shuttle service, location, room size Satisfied. But breakfast menu should be changed. At least every alternate day Hotel rate, staff and room standard Overall stay is good. shuttle bus , fast check in , Room very clean Overall is a good hotel, especially shuttle bus service Shuttle Bus, Prompt Housekeeping, Big Room! My friends and I were slightly disappointed with our stay at PJ Hotel. The reason why we booked PJ Hotel was because of its huge room size and affordable price. However, we were disappointed when we saw the condition of our room. The was a very strong smoke smell in the room and we had to call the housekeeping to assist. The front desk and housekeeping team were quite prompt after they received our call. They sent someone immediately to make our room smell fresher. The beds, bedsheets, carpet, chairs, toilet and aircon all seem a bit too old and do need a bit of new furniture or touch up. But our overall stay there for 7 nights was still bearable. What we liked was that they provided a long and a short pillow which were pretty comfortable. I guess the showering part was the worst as the water temperature did not seem to stay at the right temperature and kept fluctuating between hot and cold. It was really quite an experience trying to manage the water temperature in the bath. If we look on the good side, the hotel provides very efficient and prompt bus services around the key tourist areas such as Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, etc. It operates at very regularly timing and even for the night owls who want to go to dongdaemun for a midnight shopping. My friends and I had wanted to order a chicken delivery but the hotel claims that they do not provide any 'chicken service' as most fried chicken delivery do not deliver to hotels in seoul. they did not seem very helpful or willing to help in this area...even when we asked them if there are any fried chicken companies that they would recommend, they did not want to comment further. In the end, we had to rely on our korean friend to make the order for us via phone and we waited for the delivery guy who delivered to the entrance of our hotel within 20 mins. The luggage travelator, staff responsiveness, fast check out The shuttle bus service was a good idea, but after 11 am, we have to wait for an hour to get on to the next one, however, there are quite a few passengers and luggage after noon time. So, it would be best to keep the shuttle bus running for half an hour intervals instead of a whole hour. spacious, comfortable, nice pretty good but location not so ideal near subway within 3 to 5min walk with ATM and 24hrs convenient store nearby Memorable enough to cherished our dream holiday. The only setback is they never wipe the dust in the balcony except the room. Location is good but the area around is messy ” A valuable and clean hotel at a convenient locatio” free shuttle bus and big size room” Good location ” Good location” Nothing much surrounding but with free shuttles” Good location” Seoul vacay” Nice” Great stay” Nice” Not too bad. Shuttle bus is good” Good location” Comfortable stay ” Good location” Nice place to stay ” nice hotel” Will stay PJ if return Seoul again” nothing so great” shuttle bus is the best” Room is clean. Have free shuttle bus to Myeongdong . Staffs are friendly. Metro station is nearby 1) The best thing for this hotel is that it offers frequent free shuttle bus service between hotel and key shopping areas such as Myeongdong and Dongdaemun (until 2:00am) here is well for the big size room. have free shuffle bus to some tourist spots, hot water enough hot for the hot bath , big size room and have balcony to see thr Seoul tower and smoke there here is well for the big size room. have free shuffle bus to some tourist spots, hot water enough hot for the hot bath , big size room and have balcony to see the Seoul tower and smoke there. near by is old area and its funny to eat there. however, they only speak Korean language, which I keep using my google translate to order the dish, its quiet useful. however, after your finish the tea bags, they won't refill it and didn't clean the smoke trash can at the balcony. Good Near 3 subways, free shuttle bus to major shopping areas till midnight, clean room Good, except that the heater was turned on too hot (at 28-degree celsius) and cannot be adjusted lower (even when asked the front counter). We turned on the manual air-conditioner but it didnt work. Ended up, we need to open our windows to moderate the temperature in the room. Big rooms, free shuttles to tourist spots till late night. I have a good stay in PJ Hotel. The best thing is that they provide the free shuttles. good location and convenience and cheap Courteous, polite and clean So so. Shuttle bus, first time, location Cleanliness, friendly staffs, Free shuttle service Service is good.The room is very nice. Shuttle bus, friendly and clean ok, not too bad Friendly staff good location walking distance to shopping area Great location with nice local Korean barbecue restaurants around the area. Like the friendly staff and shuttle bus Halping staff , nice location , clean room Location, location, location Stayed for 7nights last week. Located about 10mins fr Chungmunro station (line 4,line 3). Easy access to major / usual tourist sites. Shuttle service runs on 2 routes. Room size suitable for group, near myeongdong only 15 minutes walk The room is comfortable,some staff fluent in japanese it was help a lot when we talk because I can't speak korean. nice big room shuttle bus Good Free shuttle bus, near shopping and many resturant around Hotel Room is clean and spacious. Best point is free shuttle bus till 2am. free shuttle bus and helpful staff..nothing else Just ok Shuttle bus / big&clean room / ice machine It's good that the hotel has a shuttle bus I barely use the Metro or Bus coz Shuttle bus drive me to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun If your first visit in Korea never choose this hot” Good service but not the location ” Hard to locate” Nice hotel but very far from all the hype” Convenience” Breakfast not included and a bit expensive.” Spacious 4 star rooms” Hotel not to 5* as pilublished ” Business Travellers” Great hotel” attentive staff” stay at PJ” Stayed for 2 nights ” Big room” Rated 5* but looks like 3/4*, old & dirty carpets” Valueable” shopping” Seoul shopping trip” Good service and good value ” Comfortable Stay with Value for Money” Difficult find from shuttle bus stop Hotel was clean The room can accomodate 4 people with 2 washrooms, 4 single beds and good service. I stayed 3 nights at the hotel with 3 other girls, and the room is generally large enough. The only cons are the location and breakfast not included. The hotel is not near any restaurant and the walking distance to MingDong is around 15 mins. We usually went to MingDong and DongDaeMong by shuttle, but shuttle is every 30 mins. My advice is not to get home really late unless getting back to the hotel by shuttle, and the area is kind of dark around the hotel. Big room, big bed & big toilet. Nothing special in this hotel. We have to walk in a dark uneven road at night to dine out. Foods in the nearby small restaurant is expensive. the room, cleanliness, staff We had a nice stay. The hotel was fine but it is a very long walking distance if you wanna get to Myeongdong. On our entire stay, we didn't get a chance to get on hotel shuttle bus. Somehow they didn't operate. I guess it was because there weren't many people waiting for it. So we had to walk....very far..... location, price, concenience Near bus and train stations. Stay was okay but nothing spectacular. Spacious rooms with good porter who speaks good English We stayed here for 2 nights. The hotel wasn't very glamourous to begin with, but we got it cheap with the Supersaver deal. If you come from the airport, take the airport limousine bus to Chungmuro station. The hotel vicinity is not very classy as it's the back alley, looks quite run down. However, once you get to the hotel, there is a bellboy to handle your luggages. We were taken away by the rooms! The size, the cleanliness and the soft beds. This hotel also gives out free facial masks and Nespresso capsules for hotel guests. What we really like is the hotel shuttle bus as well. Good hotel! Will stay here again Room is big, especially when they upgraded me to 3 pax room due to over booked Hotel is reasonably clean, however the computer at the lounge for guests use only run in Korean language, furnishings in the room are rather 'cheap' furnishings, not deserved a 5* rating Staff, Comfort level of the room, Shuttle Bus services The staff are extremely helpful. Cleanliness, location, bell boys The stay was great, after we got through the hurdle of arriving at 8 in the morning and not being allowed to Check in til 2pm. Reception staff not at all accommodating on this matter. Only one who had competence was the bell boy who had the brains to offer us a lounge area on the 8th floor. Kudos to him! Especially after traveling for about 24 hours all we wanted to do was sleep free CBD Shuttle bus great location, friendly staff Friendly and helpful staff, 5 minute walk away from station Wasn't too bad, pretty much what I expected after reading a lot of the reviews online. It's not the best but it's not that bad either. The carpets aren't the cleanest around but I think it's pretty acceptable. Overall the room was pretty clean and neat and the good thing abt it was that it had free shuttle but not enough shuttles throughout the day; an hour each after 10am. The staff were pretty friendly and helpful and they were okay with English so for westerners I think will be a good thing. The only thing I thought wasn't good was that they didn't allow early check in whcih HAD to be on or after 2pm and you MUST check out at 12pm, if not you'd have to pay abt $42 bucks more. I would come again if I got a good deal on hotel sites and if not I think it's a bit pricy for their prices. It's good for tourists and close to myeongdong so that's a good thing, oh and they have free wifi which was nice too. Room is big and with decent conditions, frequent shuttle bus The hotel is a bit old to be honest. However, the room conditions is decent and its clean. They got frequent shuttle bus to Myeongdong and dongdaemun shopping area which is a plus. Subway station is just 7 minutes walk from hotel. Room is big. I recommend this hotel for shoppers or family. Good location, free shuttle bus to major shopping areas, toilet is clean and new. With the price I paid , can't complain much. Location good, very near to metro and shopping areas, best with free shuttle bus.However really can't stand the dirty carpets, both in the public area and in the room. The room provides a PC and toilet is good, new and clean. Has shuttle bus to MRT, near Myongdong, valueable sleep, shower, tea table Not bad a location with shuttle buses to the nearby malls The stay was pleasant, hotel rooms was clean. Good location Room Quality, Locale, Cleanliness Our stay at PJ Hotel was extremely comfortable along with location close to key visit areas in Seoul. Pretty good” Nice choice.” good and nice staff” good” Quite good. ” this hotel is very good.” It was a great shopping experience!” Great! Seoul is a wonderful place” Fun family Holiday in Seoul” Not too bad” Normal” Ok. up to my expectation.” Average stay” reasonalbe” Fabulous conditions” Nice but not great” Only one complaint... the rest all fine.” have a great shuttle bus service” OK in general except aircon off during midnite ” Best value hotel!” Staff, Cleanliness, Big rooms No complaints. Location could be better but there is a shuttle bus if you need it. Clean rooms. Bigger than average. Nice stay. good location~nice staff~ good service staff and nice hotel room everything is good but the location not so convenient, need to walk some distance to get MRT station. good good Good service.Just a bit far away from the station. PJ Hotel Affordable, Friendly Staff, Good access to public transport. It was a pleasant experience and the staff was very friendly. Shuttle bus service, close to myeongdong and dongdaemun, close to subway Airport shuttle is available within walking distance. Bus 6015 comes every 15-20mins. 10000won per person. Shuttle bus to myeongdong in the day and dongdaemun in the evening (till 2am) is really convenient for us. Really good but the rooms are a little old.. and the layout is rather weird (but I think there's a different kind of layout for rooms situated at different areas. Overall it would be good as long as you are not looking for a hotel that is on the high-end side. Bathtub is really dirty though. Black stains everywhere which cannot be washed off. Very small bathtubs too. Nice big rooms, good price, walking distance to places of interest and shopping Nice big rooms with 2 big double beds, great for a family holiday. Also delicious sandwich stall by the main road nearby in the mornings. Nice convenience store open 24 hours just within the hotel premises. Shuttle bus to main attractions available, hotel location close to metro stations (within 5 mins walk) This is our second time to stay at this hotel. Concierge staff are nice and friendly; Yet, front desk staff (night shift) did not show very friendly welcoming and also not helpful enough because we requested 2 rooms be on the same floor when making reservations however the young female staff asked us whether the twin room could be put to ladies floor. Yet, our another room reserved is a double room for a couple which meant that she wanted 2 rooms be put on different floors. I really do not appreciate such an arrangement against our very simple request. Finally another male staff standing aside told us right away there would be no problem to put us on the same floor. Strange And, the female staff did not even show sincere attitude when asking us about such. We felt not very comfortable when checking-in. Mask as gift, shuttle bus to attractions, close to 3 different metro stops fine convinence. love the shuttle bus, good location OK shuttle bus, friendly staff My 5-night stay at PJ Hotel was quite average, nothing spectacular about the service and rooms/hotel like the reviews had said. My room special requests were neither acknowledged nor given at check-in, in fact I was given the direct opposite. Room was well-furnished and well made-up each day, but could hear people talking loudly at the lift lobby every morning from the last bed in the room, certain parts of the room were also very echo-y. Also, there was no balcony area like the photos depicted. Staff were quite helpful with queries and room service. Breakfast buffet was quite average though tasty. Shuttle bus service could have been more frequent in the afternoons. service, pretty much everything you need is provided, lady's floor OK location, reasonable price, good service Cleanliness Hygiene Easy to access Memorable and unforgettable anniversary trip ....... Spacious room, cleanliness, good amenities in room It was awesome until we tried to get some food delivery on a day with heavy downpour. The front desk staff was not willing to help us with getting some food and they did not allow food delivery, even when we told them we would wait outside the hotel. In the end we had to walk 15 mins under a huge thunderstorm for food. :( Clean, comfortable and good service The stay here was great, except that the air conditioner was not working. It is an old model type of air conditioner, and it merely blows out slightly cooled air. So, it was kinda hot in the room, to the point that I pushed away the comforter at night. The hotel staff brought me a standing fan. It will be a great hotel if they fix the air conditioner. Oh... there is no swimming pool in this hotel, which is a bit disappointing for me. I may come back to this hotel as it is centrally located, nearby a lot of tourist attractions - Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, Namdaemun, old hanok village, N Seoul Tower, lots of local restaurants within walking distance. The shuttle bus service is great! The nearer subway station is Eujiro-4 (sa)-ga, not Chungmuro! price,price,price The nearby areas were old and run down. In fact the hotel itself especially the entrance need to be spruce up.The carpet were worn and old. The rooms were sufficiently large but the daily cleaning is below par and not as clean as it should. The hotel has a great shuttle bus service to Damdaemum up to midnight.The distance to the airport bus is a long 5 mins walk thru back alleys etc. It can be quite a adventure. Unless it is on promotion, I would pick another hotel. location, price, rooms are clean It was a bit more worn down as i expected (vs picture). Location is good given the price. Rooms are not too small and are clean. The thing that most disturbed me is the air-conditioning. They turned off the air-con during midnite so it became very hot. They advised some clients complained it's too cold. I don't understand why they need to turn off the central air-con when guests can just turn off the air-con in the room (if they feel cold). Also they don't provide tooth brush (even when i called conceierge) Family-friendly, affordable and with free shuttle service to major shopping areas and attractions We rode the airport limousine bus 6015 from Incheon International airport and arrived at Hotel PJ at around 12 midnight. We thought at first it was a long walk from the bus stop to the Kia Motors building (as indicated in the hotel's website) but it wasn't. We easily found the landmark and started our walk to the hotel itself. The place surrounding the hotel wasn't really nice surroundings but it seemed safe and there were still lots of shops along the hallway that were open and there were still some people eating in one of the restaurants even in the wee hours of the night. Check-in was very fast - less than 2 mins of waiting! Room size was rather small compared to what I've expected but was okay for 2 adults and 1 child. The balcony area took up a lot of space (in my opinion), and the cabinet area was a bit cramped. Airconditioning could be improved too. It was much cooler if you open the balcony sliding doors than when you close it with the airconditioning on. We had breakfast on our first morning since we haven't scouted the place yet for nearby shops. We paid 26,000KRW for 2 adult breakfast since our 6-year old was free of charge. The buffet was good but not grand. There was enough choices for locals and foreigners alike. Overall, the stay with Hotel PJ was good. The free shuttle service is definitely a plus and the airport limousine bus that stops a block away from the hotel is very convenient. There are also three subway stations of walking distance from the hotel which makes the hotel very accessible. The price per night is considerably cheaper than most hotels in the Myeongdong area. I will definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family! Will be better with more services” Check in takes a long time” Nice Hotel” Room size and ok location” clean hotel not near main shopping and restaurants” Great & comfortable Hotel” great location” It was OK, worth the price” Good Spacious Rooms” My stay was good. Would be better if ” comfortable” Very friendly staff” Pleasant but not good value for money” Nice balcony and bedding” Spacious room that is not common in Seoul” not too bad” Pretty bad service but fantastic room” New and clean hotel” worse the previous ones” nice room bad location” Clean, comfort We got free upgrade this time. We came up to our room on 5th floor with so many luggages but the porter didn't help us to carry them. Well, its abnormal for me, as I am a hotelier. I thought we were entitled to have porter services anytime we need it. Another thing, when we had breakfast at the restaurant, we found many seats remain empty but no one cleared up the table, until we report to the cashier then they set up a table for us. Besides those prblems, everything is good. Room is clean, comfortable bed, heater and wifi is good. It tooks about 7 mins by taxi to reach myeongdong. The hotel has free shuttle to myeongdong and dongdaemun which is good, but u need to be on time. Clean, comfort The hotel was was good. Looks new and clean as well. But we have to wait to check in, very exhausting after a long connecting night flights. We cant even get the room one hour earlier than their official check in time. Good location, nice staff, near airport bus stop Easy access to subway, concierge is very helpful, big-room size Easy access to subway, there is bus service to subway station however it is not very near to shopping area like Myeongdong,etc. The lady at the concierge is very knowledgable and very helpful. Most receptionist ladies have sour face and very curt. clean room easy access to taxis Comfortable stay, clean room however area around hotel is untidy. Area around hotel are populated by trade shops, e.g. printing shops, wholesale shops etc . Vicinity around hotel is untidy. Away from main shopping and restaurant area. Small local restaurants nearby. Service staff are helpful and polite. No hotel transport to airport bus pickup point. Cleaniness, shuttle bus, friendly staff I enjoyed my stay this time and would come back again when I visit Seoul again. great location, free shutter bus LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION That was a fun experence, the hotel is located in a very conveniunce spot, easy to go to the souel international airport, and service there was good, in a word, it worth the price. Good rooms, Centrally Located and Easy Checkout It was real value for money. I enjoyed the spacious room that includes a Jacuzzi bathtub. Convenient, clean n conceige staff are friendly Would be better if front desk staff are more polite. location, location, location It was alright for Korea standard. The hotel is within walking distance to main shopping area and lots of small restaurant to choose from. Staff, size of bedroom and location Convenient store downstairs Bell boy got cab for me Meter fare was 62000 but I was charged 69000 I was left wondering whether cab driver had to pay hotel porter who got me the cab to the airport Nice balcony and bedding I liked to stay here whenever travelling in Seoul due to the room was spacious and cozy. However,this time, I stayed in a horrible room that water pipes ran all night night. It seemed whenever other rooms were using bathrooms, the water flowed over my room. The piping were making the noise like gohost. Initially, I was wondering what was the noise that was so horrible. Nice balcony, bedding and cleaness comfortable room, shuttle service, fast check in/ check out I stay few times here but this time i experience the worst. My flight departed in the evening, so I request for late check out, they offered me a good rate to stay till 4pm. Due to my flight leaves at 8pm, I asked the staff whether I could stay till 5 and after referring to the supervisor, they agreed to reserve the room for me till 4:30pm and Im really appreciated!! At 4:08pm, the first call from front desk asked me to check out immediately as its the policy. Second call received at 4:15pm, a male staff pushed me to check out in a very rude manner though I told them your supervisor promised to hold the room for me till 4:30pm. I had no choice but have to rush to check out. I feel so bad and I need to think carefully if I will stay here again and recommand to others!!! Room room room We were upgraded for our first two nights and the suite we were given is excellent. However when we asked to extend our stay and stay Put in the same room so as to save the trouble of shifting and packing, they insisted that we pay for the upgrade when they had previously automatically upgraded us. Door men and concierge were good. Large Room, free shuttle bus Service, good service This hotel is great, even the location is not near the subway, but the hotel provided shuttle bus services to myeongdong , Nandamen, dongdamen, and all attractive shopping are until late night, the room is big and clean, is must more better compare I stay in other hotel in Seoul , I will come back again good location rooms are much worse than previous and 7th floor is noisy, the manager on duty wasnt very friendly room, cleanliness, staff nice room but the location is not as good as advertised. far from myeongdong, shuttle bus doesn't stop at the myeongdong market. breakfast should be better Comfortable ” Very comfortable stay” Good and memorable” Clean and serviceable” Helpful and friendly staff ” It was good, because the room was discounted” closer os better” Must visit city.” like their shuttle bus service” Convenient but not attentive enough” Nice but out of the way” Great room to have a good rest after work” Cheap but high quality services” Comfortable, cozy” Wonderful” Nice hotel” pleasant and comfortable hotel” Affordable, clean, quite convenient location” Value for money” Good location and close to local restuarants” Clean. Warm. Spacious room Our stay at pj hotel was good. We wanted to extend our stay but the hotel was fully booked. When we had to shift to shinshin hotel, one concierge staff told us that shinshin hotel was located along a narrow alley and hence taxis could not bring us right to the front of the hotel. So he directed the taxi driver with some instructions written in korean. The taxi driver dropped us at the wrong entrance to the hotel and we had to drag our luggages back and forth a fair distance before we reached shinshin hotel. The more distressing thing is - shinshin hotel is easily accessible by taxi. I hope pj hotel staff would know their directions better. Big room, confortable bed and clean The hotel is not located in a nice surrounding but with lots of small eating places that operate till very late hour. The hotel provides shuttle service to major shopping areas which is very conveniences. I will definitely recommend friends to stay at this hotel and will definitely stay in this hotel again Convenient, clean and spacious Good and memorable, I will definitely recommend this hotel to friends and relatives who are planning to go to SEOUL. Modern, comfortable, clean Good quality hotel used mainly by large tour groups and business people. A bit soulless and impersonal. We would normally stay at the GS Hotel instead as it is smaller and more personable. Centrally located from shopping center . Free transport bus services to shopping malls , friendly staff Good and happy with the services . Friendly and helpful staff . Everything was just ok, nothing special The hotel is clean, staff is friendly and speaks reasonable English, room was clean. The hotel is in Myeong-Dong (Seoul downtown), but the real city center is still a 15 min walk, or a 5 min by free shuttle bus. The area itself is sort of behind in development. There is a wet market and plenty of real local restaurants, nothing fancy direct near the hotel as it seems. Hotel was fabulous. The Room was large (I stayed in a double plus additional twin bed bedroom) and although the room was large, the bathroom was small and the ceiling low. I am 6 ft 2 and I could not stand up straight in the shower. Mainly because the aircon unit is build over the bathroom and you need to stand in the bath tub to take a shower. The bath tub is a bit elevated. In my opinion, with such inconvenience and a good room with no overly fancy facilities, the hotel should be rated as 3 stars only. I have stayed in various hotels in Seoul, and feel that this hotel is definitely a step down. If you can grab a good price, the hotel is worth it. clean rooms, Japanese speaker receptionist, free water if you are traveling with only younger people, this hotel is good to stay. However, it locates pretty far away from the center of the city and the shutle doesn't run often enought after 11am, it was difficul for me to get anywhere without using a cab since I was with my mom and aunt who are over 60 years old. Moreover, non of the cab driver seemed to know where our hotel is. I showed the address, the map, still they were confused and a fgew times, the drivers refused to take us to the hotel due to unclear the hotel location. Other than that, the hotel was clean and people who work there were kind, so I recommend here for your Soul trip :) Good location, spacious room and lots of restaurant choices nearby it is quite accessible as there is a bus stop within walking distance of 5 mins to airport. It was quite ok. Staffs are friendly and helpful. The best part is that they offer shuttle bus to those popular attractions. Like it and Love it. Just that it will be a lot better if their room can look newer and cleaner. I like the fact that they do have 24 hours convenience store about 2 mins away or less. Easy to reach, reasonable price, polite staff Facilities are not attentive enough. There's no toothbrush or toothpaste in the room. Air-conditioning is centralized, it's very difficult for us to stay with it comfortably as it's too hot with heat indoor. Also, mirrors in the room are very far away to look at easily (i.e., cannot wear contact lens using this mirror, cannot clean up face closely). Clean, great balcony, cool toiletries The hotel, while adequate, was in the middle of nowhere. There was a shuttle to Myeongdong, but there are lots of other cheaper hotels in Myeongdong where you could just step out and be right where you want to be in minutes. And it's not like this hotel is cheap. I would book elsewhere next time for the price I paid for the hotel. Clean, spacious and bright rooms Clean, spacious and bright rooms. Rare hotels provide espresso gear in the rooms, you can have a cup of great coffee in the room but not 3 in 1. Depending on period, the room rate can be far different. It takes 5 mins to airport bus stop, 10 mins to Chumuro Subway STN and 15 mins to MyeongDong on foot. If you don't mind to take a walk, it's a nice hotel to stay. Hotel shuttle bus can also help you access to some attractions but the cycle takes longer time than usual. Conveniently located. Free shuttle service to shopping areas and attentive staff Shuttle bus to shopping areas. Attentive staff. Close to metro Very good, though the rooms are a bit old due to long history of the hotel. Service, location and room Good. Room is spacious. Loved the fact that there's a computer in every room! The staff is friendly and helpful. Clean, quiet, near town centre The hotel is nice and clean, it's located in the town centre but not near any of the subway stations. They provide shuttle bus to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun though. warm hospitality and good shuttle bus provided. Great. The deluxe room its quite reasonable size. Premier room is my preferred choice. Good shuttle bus service. Staff are friendly.This is my second visit to this hotel. I recommened PJ hotel to my friends who are visting. Affordable, clean, quite convenient location. All was good until i realize the A/C don't really work. I was on 6th floor and my a/c was set at 20c with full blast. The digital a/c even states that my room temperature is now 28c. Same temp was even noted around midnight when i come back and i felt that the a/c is completely useless. on 3rd night i cant stand it anymore and called frontdesk. A guy came and check the a/c vent and told me it's working. I showed him the a/c control is showing 20c and room temp at 28c. How is that considered "working"? He insisted that there's no problem. He called the frontdesk manager and pass me the phone, i complaint and did not accept. Manager suggested that i change to another level, which is the superior rooms and i saw that they have an additional external a/c unit in the room. It worked very well and i slept nicely for another 2 nights before i leave. I'm satisfied with the workaround but i do not believe 28c room temperature is acceptable during summer. It needs to be better. Great shopping area and hotel provide free shuttle bus to get you there. I think for first timers in Seoul, the shuttle service is a real winner. Keep that up! Huge room, clean and new building, shuttle bus The hotel room was really huge and made our stay very comfortable (two girls with huge suitcases and a ton of shopping bags). Hotel seemed new, well-maintained. We stayed on the Ladies floor and it was good, quiet - no screaming children nor noisy people chatting along the corridor etc. Did not really interact with staff but had pleasant service. Shuttle bus service was convenient since hotel was not near the shopping area, and there is a 5min walk through a dark and dingy alley (some nights the lights were not turned on) to the Chungmuro station. Good location as walking distance from the airport express bus terminal. Hotel also provide shuttle buses to various shopping areas regularly. Overall is good stay in PJ Hotel according to the price and location. It looks no.of shuttle bus is not enough as it is always full. At mid-night, it is out of control for too many guests waiting for return back to hotel from shopping malls. Guests cannot find way to queue up during waiting the shuttle bus in front of the shopping malls. Nice, big rooms with a comfortable bed” good area nice restaurants” All in all, quite a good stay ” Easy access to city and the subway” It was alright...” Nice Hotel, Reasonable price” Friendly staff, always willing to offer help!” great service and value for $” Good” good location and reasonable price” Pleasure and relaxing stay” decent hotel” Good place ” Looked at the room not really well kept. ” nice and clear ” Safe to stay here for your money” Good” Clean, not in Myeongdong” NICE AND CLEAN” good” Big rooms, comfortable bed Nice hotel nearby metro. They also have shuttle bus to metro if you're not happy to walk 10min. surroundings, price, staff can speak english Well the hotel is nicely located. Shuttle bus enables you to connect major touristic areas easily.Also there s a bus from to airport. besides that hotel does not have much to offer. My room has leakage from the upper floor. Also shower has drainage problems. Room is not that big but ok for korea standarts i guess. nothing special. Friendly staff, fast Internet and free shuttle bus service I like the free shuttle bus service most, as you can go dongdaemun at 2am for shopping, however shuttle bus frequency is not as frequent. Remember to check the timetable beforehand. Fast Internet, you can access to the Internet in both lobby and your room. The pillow is ridiculously thick and long, not comfortable, though the bed is alright. Staff is friendly and helpful. Location, Transportation and Clean Room The Hotel is centrally located in the city and you can have easy access to the city. However, the area is quite downtown and you have to walk a few minutes besides old part of the city to go to the nearest subway station. At night, it would seem scary. But overall, the stay there was excellent as I was away all day for sightseeing in the city. Everything was average... Our stay was average...nothing too brag about...nothing to complain about. We didn't plan on staying in the room too much so didn't have great expectations. Price, Helpful Staff Can be a bit difficult to navigate to if arriving by subway but straightforward if you consult the instructions on the Hotel's website before arriving Clean, spacious and efficient service! It was great, despite it is not at a walkable distance from Myeong-dong. Luckily the hotel provides shuttle bus service every 15 minutes in the morning from 7am to 11am and hourly afterwards. friendly staffs, convenience location and free shuffle bus to myeongdong, dongdaenum and chungmuro The staffs are friendly and able to speak english in assisting guests to their destination. Free shuffle bus service to certain places are provided. Hotel room are quite spacious and value for $ Clean, Friendly, Efficient Staff is friendly and helpful. Location of the hotel is not really good, but the hotel provide shuttle service to various shopping & attractions. would be good if the hotel can consider rotate the Course A & B routes instead of keeping the same morning Course A and evening Course B daily. location, price and large room Easy access to public transport and safe place to stay. Good location which very near to Myeungdong and Dongdemun shopping areas. The hotel also provide shuttle bus to both shopping locations. In general is very good. Except that need to pay for early check-in. big room, convenient location and free shuttle bus A large room with good coffee machine Price and shopping. good staff clear room and big bed Nice staff, Spacious room, 2 televisions in the room Taxi driver's try to rip you off late at night...so take the subway, line 4 to the appropriate exit. they speak English at the hotel. Friendly staff Clean, good staff This hotel is located in Chungmuro. Close to Myeongdong by subway. NICE HOTEL, CONVENIENCE, PRICE REASONABLE. WE STAYED AT LADIES FLOOR, THEY HAD NESSSO CAPSULE COFFEE MACHINE AND FOOT MASSAGE MACHINE IN THE ROOM. AFTER SHOPPING, IT WAS THE BEST WAY TO RELAX OUR MIND AND FOOT. good location Comfortable hotel but unfriendly stuff” The hotel is ok, but the price made it interesting” I liked the bed,it was big.” close to surprisely tatsy local food” A nice and convenient hotel without an e-mail...” Hotel with great facilities” Comfortable bed, nice staff” Convenient” large room” Average stay on average hotel” Comfortable” Nice room but staffs are not very attentive ” Nice affordable hotel” nice view and big balcony” The hotel is too old” Shuttle bus to most popular sightseeing points” Exterior is ordinary but interior is excellent” Comfotable hotel” comfortable and clean” comfortable and clean” comfortable room, good room service and lovely balcony At the first, we thought it is located at myeong dong station, but we are wrong, actually it is located near by Chungmuro station, a short walking distance by the small road which beside the 7-11. The hotel is comfortable with good room service, the cleaner will serve you well even they dun know how to speak Chinese or English. The receptionist is quite rude, please improve it in the future. Goof staff, comfortable room and close to Seoul Station. price cheap, neat, service good I think overall the service quite good. The people. Are very helpful. I only comment is the shuttle bus time slot not really convenient. helpful staffs, shuttle bus to shopping belt is great the room is big Shuttle bus, great location and quiet hotel Comfortable bed, nice staff, location Comfortable bed, nice staff, location Location, room and concierge service Pleasant. They have shuttle bus services running through the shopping area and some good eating places down the lane. Reception is a bit rigid in their rules but all of the hotel staff are quite helpful and friendly. location good Free shuttle Clean, Friendly staff, and free bus to shopping centre nice design, decent size and fast internet Clean room, friendly and fluent staff On our first trip to Seoul, we have difficulties locating the hotel as we arrive Incheon past midnite, got help from police car who shown us the location, just 5minutes walk from where we exit the subway. nice view, big balcony, good internet I can smell smoke in the room which isn't good for first impression, others are fine. convenience traffic, can speak English, helpful staff shuttle bus, location, staff shuttle bus to popular attractions is the seling point. Very clean and large room ,good heating and nice bathroom. Hotel exterior and location is not great but interior and facilities are good, staff friendly and can speck engilish.10 minutes’ walk to air Very clean and large room ,good heating and nice bathroom. Hotel exterior and location is not great but interior and facilities are good, staff friendly and can speck engilish.10 minutes’ walk to airport shuttle bus and metro train station, sometime difficult for taxi drivers to find the place, keep the hotel card. Overall recommend the hotel for business and family stay. Not as good as others said, location not very good to meongdong clean, modern rooms, big tv, clean bathroom clean, modern rooms, big tv, clean bathroom Comfortable and value for money” Confortable and convinient” comfortable” Staffs are friendly and very helpful” Nice hotel in a not so nice area” So far so good” Room is big for family with Childern” Big room but not in the best location” Good hotel ” Good hotel” nice but old” Clean and friendly service” Quiet environment but Small room” Good Location but unhelpful staff” Nice hotel with friendly staff” New and clean hotel.” Great Location, Big Room (I got a triple bed room)” nice place” Not a very convenient location=” good hotel and good location” Bed, toilet and Internet Located near shoppibg center and hot spots if tourists. The price is really good in relatio to the room quality. All the staff can speak good Englush. It is a nice experience staying in this hotel. There are sufficient staff in front desk. No matter checking in or out,you dont need to wait too long. The staff are helpful. They can speak good Englush. There are also shuttle bus going around the major shoppibg areas from the hotel every 15 mins everday. The only one minor issue is that you need to climb a long stair from the ground floor to the hotel loby. However,there is an automatic delivery belt to take yr luggage. So,no worry for carrying heavy luggage. close to shopping areas, comfortable bed, attentive staff The hotel is new and staffs are very nice. Free shuttle bus is available to Myeongdong Great bang for the buck, close proximity to Itaewan Hotel and facilities are very nice. Room size is very good. Location is neither a plus or minus as it is not near the subway line. Close to some tourist attractions. Good service we had meet a power problem, light problem, shuttle bus stop location is not clear in the menu, it's hard to find the shuttle bus stop from outside Room with 2 twin beds Hotel is close to subway which is good if you need to go to different part of the cities. Shuttle bus is good but it would be better if they are more frequent during the day and have longer hours because service ends at 6pm which you can't use it after dinner Inside is clean and big and we have 2 twin beds which works out great for us with 2 kids. It is value for money Frequent shuttle bus schedule Good but can't find the shuttle bus stop in the drop-off points. Shuttle Bus good Room is ok, cleaning can be improved. Service is ok, location is quite good. Hotel shuttle going to the shopping areas Hotel staffs are courteous and really helpful To their guests. There's a free bottled water, coffee and tea for each guest every day. There is a free shuttle bus provided by the hotel to different shopping areas. Myeongdong is 15-20 minutes walk away from the hotel. Free wifi ü good location the hotel is very old. my room has the old room smell, which is not very pleasant. the location is good. Big Room, free shuttle to and from hotel to shopping areas a pleasant hotel amidst the somewhat slump area. 5 mins walk to mrt. there's a direct bus 6015 from and to airport at 10,000won each. free shuttle bus is available from hotel to the main shopping areas like myeongdong, lotte department store, insadong, dongdamum. the bus to dongdamum operates till 2am! good choice. hotel is near the myeongdong catholic church (within 10-15mins walking distance). will consider staying there again. Close to city if go to pj hotel from airport, i recommend you to get off at the kukdo hotel which is only 3 minutes walk. if you get off at pj hotel bus stop, you need to walk at least 6 minutes. although it is close to eijilu-4 station and chungmuru station, i prefer eijilu-4 station better. cozy room, beautiful hotel I stayed in this hotel for 3 days. The room is clean and tidy. However, there is no heater in the bathroom. Not as close as I think it is to Myeong-dong but still acceptable. Just got to take the subway for 1 station. Anyway, the staff is not that helpful as they should be. We were asking for direction and they didn't advise us to take their shuttle bus instead of taking public transport. The staff were always willing to assist The room was a reasonable size and clean. The staff were friendly and always willing to assist. The hotel was in a relatively convenient location with a 5 minute walk to the train station. Friendly and kind staff. It was my first time to stay this hotel. The hotel seemed to new and clean and the staffs were friendly and kind. The hotel is close to Tondaemon and Myondong, there is a metro station within 10 minutes. I think this hotel is good for shopping. Close to Airport Express Bus Stop and Chungmuro Subway Station Clean and functional. Huge room since I got triple bed room. Dont forget to bring your tooth brush when you stay in a hotel in Korea. Concierge is helpful. service and English speakers I really liked it, but the area is a bit of a problem, hard to eat and see interesting things... Provides free shuttle bus Room was not very big, tv was just a mare 32". Shuttle bus is always on the dot. Location is near the city but not walking distance good location, good service, comfortable for me, everything is good about this hotel. the staff is good, the location is good, the room is good, the service is good, so we dont have any complain. we will definitely choose this hotel again if we go to seoul. Contemporary boutique hotel but terrible location” Conveniently located and a good value” Lovely Hotel” Nice staffs” Well equipped” Quaint hotel with sub-par services” nice room with excellent wifi service” great location and room !” Modern rooms and Friendly staff” Lovely hotel and service with a smile” Good location to access shopping area / heritage” modern and comfortable rooms with great ammenities” Lovely Hotel, Friendly Staff ” Good” Clean and comfortable, but concierge hit and miss” Convenient Location with free shuttle services” Clean and decent hotel” nice hotel” good location” good location” New, clean and professional business hotel Close to downtown business districts and some tourist attractions but located in an out of the way rundown area. Taxi transportation is inconvenient. Clean rooms, reasonable price, and free wifi PJ Hotel is a great option for a short business stay in Seoul. Rooms are clean and fairly spacious by Seoul standards. The hotel is close to the Chungmuro metro station, making it easy to get anywhere in the city. The surrounding neighborhood leaves a bit to be desired, but with easy access to the rest of the city, it really doesn't matter too much. Very nice and spacious room. We book the Premier Twin Room and was surprise we were given 2 queen size bed. The room look like a apartment itself. I feel like Im back home instead of a hotel everytime I step in. Only the downside would be the dark alley towards the hotel at night. Big room, nice staffs Staffs in this hotel were friendly to us and capable of speaking English. It takes 3 to 5 mins walking to the closest metro station. Very clean room A Japanese-oriented hotel; very attractive price point though it is not too close to shopping area. INstead you may try to take a taxi, shuttle or a 10-min walk to there. good location, kind house keeping staff PJ Hotel has a good location with kind staff (especially the hose keepers), but the thignw e didn;t like is it's strict 2pm check-in policy. We arrived early in Korea at 5am, arrived at the hotel by 6am and was forced to wait and wander until 2 pm. We had a lot of bags with us but they were nice enough to take them in. We had kids with us and we also had jet lag and they didn't even take that into consideration. Hotel room is in well-served with excellent in-room wifi service since the hotel is located on commercial streets, this is quite scary that we were arrived on weekend. there is not much choices for dining near the hotel. however, we have good experience in the hotel. the hotel is nice and big. we booked a three-bed room with clean and tidy stuff. the most important is that they provide an excellent wifi service for guests. well contacted and rapid. no any facilities provide, such as swimming pool, gym and sauna. but that is still fine, oculd not compare with hk~ Convenience and big room We had a nice room to escape from the rainy days while in SEL :-) There is even a balcony though we didn't get to use it as it was too freezing whenever we are in the room :-) Adjacent to Shopping Districts the hotel is near to myeong dong shopping streets. it took us 5 minutes to walk there. with regards to namdaemun and dongdaemun wholesale areas, both famous for cheap and varied products, they are only few subway stations away from the hotel. there are two subway stations within 5 minutes walk from the hotel. Room spacious, amenities good, bellboy services good, shuttle services good-good hotel to stay in! If only your staff can speak in English could be better as this will enhance your services further. English is an international language, please train your staff to speak conversational basic English! 5 mins to closest subway station Very good location: between Chungmuro and Eijuro 1 ga; accessible to shopping area and famous sight-seeing. Room was a bit aged and smell. Noise-proof was not very good. House-keeping service was good, polite and quick. Hotel staff are helpful and nice Interesting room decor and good ammentities Walking distance to train station and there are several dining and continence places nearby. Friendly staff and very comfortable rooms. Clean and Spacious Room; Free Shuttle Bus Took the limousine bus # 6015 from Incheon airport which cost 10,000won each. Was abit apprehensive at the drop off point to the hotel as the route to the hotel was abit of a slum area. But the hotel turned out to be pleasantly new which was a relief. A few times the taxi drivers have problem locating the hotel even when I showed them the hotel card whieven as the map of it's location. the nearest station is Chungmuro Station but the way to the hotel is dark so I don't feel quite safe walking back to the hotel if it's late at night. Luckily the hotel provide free shuttle bus to many drop off points and also you can just go back to these drop off points to wait for the service to take you back to the hotel so it save you the walking. The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean. Clean Room space is enough and 7 minutes walking distance to airport bus stop/metro. Mask provided only for the first day. Nice staff. 5 min walk from subway, 20 min walk from Myeong dong market Spacious room Comfy beds Can hear the neighbours, but otherwise very quiet Concierge hit and miss. It depends who you ask. English is not widely understood, so there can be many misunderstandings. If you speak Japanese or Putonghua, you'll be fine nearby Airport shuttle, Free shuttle to shopping area The hotel room is small and looks a little run down. However, location of the hotel is good. Very near to myeong dong and other places of seoul. Hotel provides free shuttle to myeong dong from abt 0800 and at night about 6pm it provided shuttle service to Dongdaemon. convenient, clean It is a clean and decent hotel. Though not easy to find for the first time. The room is of decent size and the bathroom is clean. But not easy to find a restaurant to eat at night though as I arrived around 10pm at night. Restaurants nearby didnt have any english menu nor could they speak english :( nice room very nice room, big, clean and good price. it will be a great candidate for me to stay next trip location good location in chungmuro station. poor staff service though. location the staff were not very helpful and it is very difficult to hail a taxi at night. but in the morning, it is bustling around the hotel. a market opposite is good. wow wow hote;” Perfect Locations” All is average.” Perfect room” location was good” very nice hotel” Very Good loction” Room is big and clean” Good location but small rooms” Renovated to modern standards amidst old school ko” Not too bad in a hotel like this” Minimalist Style with Limited Service” hotel was ok but location is not good...” Good location near myeong-dong” Hotel providing free wifi in room” Great location” Vacationer's Hotel in an Trading Area” Lovely Hotel” Good service” Conveniently located, upmarket hotel, great value” unique everything was good in average but there is no bus station in front of the hotel. easy to fiind something to eat and also mini mart available 24 hours. Everything is nearby Had a night stay, arrived late but the reservation caused no problem at all. Nice room. Hot water available and also hot floor. Everything was perfect. Love this hotel. Cheap if take taxi to dongdamun and mingdong. it is quite far from the three smrt stations. need to walk for 10mins. and the way to the hotel have lots of flies which make me scare. our room has a terrace, i can hear my neighbors very clearly. it was quite noisy at night. however, the staffs are helpful and nice. they can speak fluent english. also, take taxi to dongdamun / mingdong / namdamun just within 5-10mins and 3000won. it is cheap and very convience. i think i will stay in this hotel again if i go with my friends (but not family). clean and comfy The location is a bit different for the taxi driver to find. Maybe the hotel is a bit new. The doorman is not very helpful. The sideways of the hotel is not so luggage friendly because there are stairs. we like it.... thoroughly enjoyed the stay.. the only issue that i had was the wifi coverage... there was absolutely no wifi coverage from my room.. i had to struggle , wait for a long time and also had to come to come to the lobby to browse the net beautiful room and very god service the only really bad thign was that the air condition was not on. for some reason the front office would not turn on the ac.. it wasn't "uncomfortable" it was just a little warm, and it would have been nice to put the ac on and chill out. overall a nice hotel in a decent location room are big great location with nice room . good for those are travel with family because the room are come with one king and queen bed. Room is big and easy access to subway, can be quite at night to walk back to hotel from the subway The Hotel is good located within 5 mins walk to 3 different Metro stations which give it easy access to different area in Seoul. The room is big and clean overall, plently of hot water for show and water pressure is good. This hotel is populat to Japanese tourist. Breakfast is standard. Only provide 2 bottles of complemantry water per stay as guest can access to water m/c in the hallway. Convenient location This is a good hotel especially those who came to shop as it is located betwee myeongdong and dongdaemun. The hotel also provides shuttle services to those places as well as other places like namdaemun and lotte department store. The service is good and rooms are clean and nice though abit small. Local feel, new pj's facilities are up to the standards of modern seoul, but its surrounding area, for betteror worse, lives in the korea of old. there are gems there, but they are only available to those who actively seek them out. Awsome japanese style room , turely nice work The First day we arrival, it was around 12am and we got tried , try to go to sleep and turn off the lights, however the light control panel doesn't work, which means the lights still on and we keep calling the front desk ,took them around 15 minutes to get up here and fix it. Aren't they should check the whole room before they hang in key to customer?? Part of that, it should be fine. Nice hotel, Near to Dowtown + modern hotel + near downtown - limited service (no water/tea/sugar refill) - can only check in at 2 pm hotel facility was clean and ok the location was confusing and difficult to find out. not close to the station... spacious room with wifi connection front desk staffs are able to speak fluent english and they are very helpful. i like their service very much. the location is just around 1km distance to the dongdaemun / myeong-dong shopping street whereby pj hotel provide free shuttle bus to the hotel guests. Free Wifi The hotel is not exactly at major shopping attractions of Myeong-dong. Luckily she is close to "Chungmu-ro" station and "4th Eulji-ro". Taking bus is more convenient than taking subway. Free wifi provided inside the guest room is the best feature. No fuss, helpful concierge, good free hotel shuttle to key locations We stay there for 11 nights, room is clean and decent size Nice Sized Clean Room with thoughtful amenities. pj hotel is not located near myeong-dong shopping area....it's a 15 mins walk through lots of trading shops. quite messy. hotel and room is not bad. the staff are really nice and helpful. the staff were nice and good in english we were staying in the PJ hotel around 5 nights and very day the house keeping were to come and clear the room till is very nice, and the area were some small shop that sell drinks and foods but of couse the shop start from noon onwards till night time, as for shopping location area it took us about 10 to 15 mins walk, along the way there were should to be shop that sell foods and drinks also. lastly if were to take any cab please do ask about the money as some of the cab driver charge are very expensive! which we took our lesson from 1 cab driver that he charge us around $50 USD from only a short drive. Big room. This hotel is very good location easy to get the attraction places in Seoul. The room is bigger than other hotel in Seoul. I like the service here. All staff are very nice and good service and there is free shuttle bus to get the attraction place. But the room price is quiet expensive.For the overall is good. I'll stay there again! reasonable online price, very clean, most comfortable bed, free bottled water the pj hotel is extremely clean and comfortable. you basically get a business class hotel, in a very central location, for a budget price. highly recommended Helpful staff but location far from shopping area” Good value hotel” Great hotel” Nice staff but poor location” Nice hotel room” 10 mins walk from subway station” Lovely boutique hotel with big rooms” Lovely Hotel ” 日本語が通じて，シャトルバスも便利だけど．．．” Good location but small room” It was fine once I found it.” Room is new” Good Business Hotel” can see the N Seoul Tower” Reasonable price” PJ Hotel” Feedback on PJ Hotel” spacious room” Good hotel and service, satisfactory location” Great Hotel” Frontline staff is friendly and helpful. They help to carry luggage and baby stroller The hotel location is a bit far from shopping area and you need to walk under bridge or narrow street for about 10-15 minutes to get into closest MTR station entrance. walking distance to myondong the room is a pleasant surprise where it is newly reburished and clean. Comvenient store nearby Great hotel, tidy and clean, beyond our expectation, airport bus stop is just 10minutes of walking. The inroom decroration is nice The location of this hotel is quite poor, although they provide shuttle bus, the time available still limited, so we still hv to take subway The staff is quite nice, especially the porter, v polite Conveniente location Hotel is near chungmuro subway. It's convenient. Room is clean and nice. Nice double bed. Nice bath room. Staff is friendly. Easy walk to myeong dong. great service We had 2 nights stay in PJ Hotel. the hotel provides hot and cold water refill. Friendly staffs and most of them can speak English. PJ hotel provide shuttle bus to myeongdong & dongdaemun every day. It's good if you plan to take Limousine Bus to airport, the Limousine Bus station just in front of Chungmuro station exit 8. Comfort, nice room Although the hotel room is considered in Myeongdong, we found that it is a little bit far from the city center, takes about 15 mins walk... good service with english speaking hotel staff shuttle service not efficient- not stop on the specified location stated to ensure the clients are waiting Overall the hotel really located at the convenient located whereby the subway station was nearby and room was clean.All the staffs were friendly and helpful with minimal english speaking. Maybe for the internet promotion may consider to improve to include with breakfast as the hotel location quite hard to look for other restaurant. 地下鉄の駅から少し離れていますが，シャトルバスがあり明洞へいくには大変便利です．ホテルもほとんど日本語でOKでした． 二人で泊まったのにキーカードを1枚しかいただけませんでした．二人で泊まるときはこれは大きなマイナスです． We share a twin-bed room. The space of room is enough and with a balcony. The hotel provide us a shuttle but to Myondon area, which is very convenient for hotel guests. There is a convenience store next the exit of the hotel. However, the hotel provided us only one cardkey for our room. It was quite inconvenience for two people when shared a room. Usually a nice hotel provides two cardkeys for hotel guest when two people stay. We really hope to improve this system. Convenient access within walking distance Refurbishment of hotel rooms required Hotel location is strategic, within walking distance from airport bus transfer stop (same location as the Chungmuro MRT station)but you need to walk through small alley and dark at night.However, it is safe to walk late at night, was told by local tourguide the crime rate is Seoul is quite low. From hotel to Myeongdong within 10 min walking distance, it is convenient to reach restaurants, coffee house (Coffee Bean) and pastries outlet(paris banquet retail chain), 24 hours convenient shop(family mart) when you are hungry at night. Hotel receptions and concierge understood english(luckily)and able to provide guidance to the nearby destination. Must make full use of the hotel bus transfer services, convenient to bring you to myeongdong(if you do not enjoy walking) and Dongdaemun for foods and late night shopping. Each room has desktop and free internet access(fast speed,thumbs up) which is useful especially you need to search travel infor a day before your next day's planning. The local korean does not speak english, is better to do some homework before proceed to your next destination. Dissappointed for the room and furnishing. Have paid for close to 5 star hotel price (USD220-250 per night during our stay), but the room feel like 3 star furnishing and small room size. reasonable sized rooms, free internet. Good access to the subway. Access to the hotel is via an attractive set of streets - but little can be done about this. I extended my stay for one night, so it must be OK. Although not in the centre, it is easy to walk to the centre or take the subway. As other reviewers have said, the approach to the hotel is very unattractive and, at night, is a little scary. Once inside, the hotel is fine - not a lot of english is spoken by the staff. Big room, many shutlle bus  This Boutique hotel is good for traveller. It has big room for 3 people. Nice balcony. Good size with good facility insides the room  although the room is hugh (1 double & 1 single bed) but I asked them to switch anyway. The switch is fast though and the staff is very attentive. Internet is free of charge and is good for traveller. Outside my room, I can see the N Seoul Tower. It's beautiful. The taxi drivers did not know the name of PJ hotel. They know its korean name only. A little bit difficult to go there. Outside my room, I can see the N Seoul Tower. It's beautiful. Good view! However, most taxi drivers did not know the name of PJ hotel. They knew its korean name only. A little bit difficult to reach there. Clean and tidy Noisy Check in at 12N and check out at 12N. Any early check-in or late check-out. Streets around hotel are not pleasant. The hotel room door and wall are so thin they u can hear other rooms closing. The good points are there are free shuttle bus, free room internet and the hygiene are good. Hotel provide bus to the shopping mall . room abit small but the bellman was very helpful.free internet the front deck staff was not very helpful good hotel .service ok>ok The room and the hotel service were great. All the staff of the hotel were very helpful and friendly. I dislike the location of the hotel. It was located far from the heart of Seoul City and transport was inaccessible. One thing I didn't like about the hotel was its location. It is located quite far from the heart of the city. Apart from the location issue, PJ Hotel was a good stay for me. I liked all the staff there as they were really helpful and friendly. Initially I was staying at Lotte Hotel for the first 3 days of my stay in Korea as it was sponsored by my business clients. Then I extended one day on my own expense. So I booked PJ Hotel via Agoda website. After my stay in Lotte, I took a taxi to PJ Hotel. The taxi driver was inconsiderate and dropped me opposite of the hotel. With my three luggages, I had to cross the major road. Fortunately, the bell boy of PJ Hotel saw me and he quickly helped me to carry my luggages to check-in. I was so relieved then. It was very nice of the hotel staff. Receptionists of PJ Hotel were also helpful to guide me on where to take public transport. In the evening, I went to Myeongdong to shop. After few hours of shopping, I wanted to take a taxi back to PJ Hotel. To my surprise, no taxi driver was willing to fetch me back. They asked me to walk back to PJ Hotel. I felt so dissappointed because I didn't know the road well and was carrying so much things. Leaving me with no options, I walked back to the hotel praying that I was in the right direction. I asked a few people on my way to PJ Hotel. After 25 minutes of walking, i finally saw PJ Hotel. What a relieve. Then the next morning, I checked out the hotel and went to airport for departure to my home country. That was my experience and feedback for PJ Hotel. spacious room for both business travel and leisure. additional charge for late checkout request, old and dirty street pass through the shortcut from subway station to hotel, need to walk up the stairs from ground to hotel hotel lobby many tv channels available, clean room and bath kits also available in the bathroom. room size is spacious. will stay again next time. - Nice, clean hotel, and friendly English speaking staff. - Free internet access and modern business center -Free filtrated water fountain in the hallways - Location, is close (via taxi/subway) to major site, but no restaurants and amenities in the direct neighborhood -Twin rooms are small but sufficient for 2 ppl - Hotel restaurant prices seem expensive -The PJ hotel is quite easy to get to from Gimpo or Incheon airport limo bus # 6000, or 6015 (confirm with info centre) it takes you right to the PJ hotel stop (make sure you have the hotels name in Hangol to show the bus driver just in case) the cost is $6,900 won. The drop off point is about 10-15 mins away, and if you have a lot of luggage and children, I recommending spending $2.20USD for the short cab ride to get to the front of the hotel. -The hotel is about 5-10 mins walk to Chungmuro or Eulijiro 4(sa)-ga Subway Stations. -The Twin deluxe was small, and we asked the front desk if there were slightly bigger rooms, the front desk sent someone immediately to help us switch to a bigger, upgraded corner suite room, at no extra charge. -The hotel is equipped with a filtered water fountain in the hallway, very handy if you drink a lot of water! -The business centre is modern, with fast internet connection, and clean. When we printed our next hotel with Agoda, there were no printers in the business centre, but the front desk happily gave us an email to send our document, print out our document, and send someone to drop it off in an envelope to our room --what service! -The only thing negative experience, in our last day, I found a cockroach in our room, but that I guess could happen anywhere, and considering they were renovating the hotel rooms across the halls, that little bugger could have easily stuck in. Clean rooms, good size rooms, friendly staff Hard to find for the first time, great location to navigate the city but area is run down PJ was a great hotel. The location wasn't the best looking part of town but it was central and convient to catch the subway to go anywhere you want and the staff were very friendly
 Excellent location, terrible bed!” 양호” clean and neat” 양호” Time change everything ” 양호” Great Location for short stay” great location” Decent comfortable hotel” Nothing especially at this area besides the expo ” This hotel is located right across from Seoul City Airport and Hyundai Department, as well as COEX and foreigners' casino. There are many great restaurants nearby and the transportation is easy with busses, taxis, and a subway station nearby. Then why such bad review? The bed has to be the worst I've slept on for a long time. I couldn't sleep well at all. Also, the shower and the bathroom is made for midgets. I'm 6'0 and 190lb, so I'm not huge by western standard. I consider myself an average size for a westerner (though I'm big for an Asian). That said, it was very difficult to take shower and take care of the business in the toilet. I understand that space is premium in this area, but c'mon...I shouldn't have to feel like I'm taking a shower in an RV when I'm paying $100. That said, $100 for a hotel room in this area is considered a bargain. Anyway, YMMV. Good location near the mall and shops. Mcdonald's and 711 are just beside the hotel which is a plus. It took me a while to find the hotel but other than that the hotel was very clean and neat. location is good with COEX and food street in within walking distances. Food choices not a lot from its breakfast buffet though. They were perfect only before the pandemic but now! Since the country allows travel, this hotel negatively changed many areas. I recommend booking another property and keeping this hotel last on the list. they has only two elevator, every morning Housekeeper also used that so very busy and wait for long time (hold and cleaning equipment is very uncomfortable) Clean but small room with basic amenities. Buffet breakfast spread limited but food served was fresh and delicious. Located very near to CALT and COEX. Food outlets and Departmental stores within walking distance. 15 mins walk to the nearest subway. Overall a pleasant stay. The hotel is just next to city airport where you can find the limousine bus on the 2/F. I was in Peyto Samseong recently. A nice hotel in front of COEX. Very near to subway - so easily connected. The room is small but adequate and well equipped. Will i come again - yes definetely "All hotels at this season will not provide real air conditioning"- this is the reply I got when I complaint about my nightmare for can't sleep due to for 3 nights and still have 1 night to go. Room temperature was about 26-27 while outside was about 18-20. We already open the window but outside noisy traffic was another problem. Staff were friendly and the airport bus terminal is just opposite to the hotel- the only merits of staying at this hotel. Once a grreat hotel” worn out” Decoration” Great Stay.” Distinctly Average” 양호” Good place to use for short trips” The facilities and room are old. It is clean, comfortable, but far from subway” OverRated ” A 4 star hotel at best” Good location ” Nice Location” Famous Hotel in Seoul” Classical Hotel with Stable Service” Cozy Hotel In Guanam Area” Not New but located in between COEX and Chongdum” Room is clean but look old” Overall, the hotel room is small but clean” nice” old 5 star hotel” The mattress and the decor inside the rooms, hallway carpet is the dirtiest location ok, front desk ok, but quite out dated, and woke by mosquito Good decoration , not fare from subway Overall is good. Excellent location but room is quite old and dark. Staff is good but should have more service mind. Not at all bad. Just completely unremarkable. Staff a bit up themselves. Not clear why. Excellent gym and pool but food and restaurants need upgrading. Room was comfortable and fairly quiet. Facilities were well kept and clean looking. The facilities and room are old. It is clean, comfortable, but far from subway The concierge: Mr Choi ... Location : close to shrines and Coex mall ... Price : cheaper than other hotels I was disappointed by the 5 star ratings. It is highly over rated and it think it is a border line 4 star / 3 star hotel. The furniture is old and dates. The desk was chipped. A tile in the bathroom was cracked as well. It was not overally clean .. I found a firefly and a nest of creepy moving insects.. It was digesting !! The front desk staff were s nightmare... I'm a paying costumer , you need to smile at my face , you can not laugh and crack jokes when costumers pass by. This is rude!! The price per room was excellent, and the food was ok. For a hotel that purports to be a 5 star hotel, this cannot be true, when you compare it to the other 5 star hotels in Seoul. Having said that, it is at the much cheaper end of the scale, but I would rate it a 4 star hotel. It certainly is not a bad hotel, but as a traveller, I stay in a variety of 5 star hotels, and this just doesn't cut it. But, if you are looking for good value for money, then Riviera is adequate. If you want a genuine 5 star hotel, then this isn't it. Great location near Gangnam area Clean But should be more accommodations very convenient, nice location, airport bus stop just infront the entrance of hotel nice stay Quiete, Well-Known, Location The hotel interior is not brand new but I like this hotel. First of all, every taxi driver knows the hotel, so you will never worry about getting lost in the city and not being able to come to your hotel at night. The neighborhood is safe and offer more dining options than, say at Coex. When I stayed there were groups of tourists from Japan and mainland China, but it was quiet at the lobby. Location, Bed, Friendly-staff This was my forth stay at Riviera Hotel and it was as good as previous times. The hotel interior is not new but the atomosphere is somewhat classic. The staff members are helpful and try to accomodate your requests. I like to come back to this hotel when I have bussiness around that area. Spacious, International, Good Location Overall, it was a good stay. We took a taxi from Seoul station this time but Limousine Bus from both Incheon and Gimpo stop at this hotel. The conseirge is helpful and front-desk staff are friendly. The bakery on the ground floow has tasty pastry and bread. Everyone Knows the hotel, good location, good bed It was my third stay at Riviera Hotel. I value this hotel for where it is located and for the atmosphere that it has been there for a while. Every taxi driver I encountered in Seoul, which are more than 50 drivers, knows where it is -this is how famous the hotel is. The rooms are OK if you are asking for a place to sleep. It is not too small, either. fast internet location is the best We do not really stay much at the room. The location is super as it is very close to high end luxury shopping district. Very top plastic and beauty center around Good food and drink for super One of the most celebrity frequent club is nearby. good place, price, and nie cheap 5 star hotel Hotel was advertised as a 5 star, but seemed to me like a 5 star hotel from 20 years ago. Room did not include amenities like toothpaste and shaver, but they were available at a price. These were not expensive but such features feel like a budget hotel. Weekend Shopping Adventure” NOT A VERY GOOD SERVICE HOTEL” Efficient, as always” Centrally located” This is the only hotel I stay in Seoul” Comfortable and cozy stay” Nice location w Korean attitude!” Nice stay” Fair” Closed to COEX” convenience for airport bus” rate was reasonable, bar very expensive!” Decent stay for good price” located in one of the hippest place in Seoul” Average business hotel” It was good.” Ok staying” good location” Nice location” Nice location and good service” Location, location, location Stay was as to be expected, comfortable and relaxing. The rooms were fresh and modern, the staff was kind and helpful, and the location was exactly what I was looking for in a weekend shopping trip in the Seoul area. GOOD LOCATION Not so good. The bed is too hard. No proper chair and table for doing computer wrok. The room light is not adequate. Not bright enough. Location is good for my purpose, best in the area, but that's pretty much it... All in all, efficient as always. Staff was very friendly and helpful, especially with early check-in and late check-out. Had a better room this time, so no complaints. All in all, it was good. airport shuttle right in front of the hotel, friendly staff, and good gym All and all, it was OK. The best thing about this hotel is airport shuttle is right in front of the hotel. It takes about 50minutes right to Inchoen airport without the hassle of take subways. Accommodating. Convenient. Solid The rooms are comfortable and clean, and hotel staff is very friendly This hotel is not quite near to major shopping malls, and is more central to financial areas. So depending on your purpose, you may still choose this hotel. The staff is professional and friendly, and access to shops/banks are easy. Nearby are restaurants and bars. Across the street is the direct bus to airport, so it is very convenient. We like the rooms and the bed is great. Location location location Friendly Service, Convinient, good price Had a nice stay, but as I only stayed for one night with late arrival and early check out I can not say more. 1. Location 2. Easy to find food 3. Quiet The stay is fairly good. The hotel location is good. However, the service is not very good. They should improve their customer service. They were not friendly when I ask where do I take the airport bus to Incheon Airport. The staff is not very fluent in English. Free internet, good view, easy from / to Airport I sent e-mail to reconfirm but they ignore me. I sent again to complain that i never see hotel work unprofessional like this hotel, then they reply me back. However, Reception and concierge make us feel better when we check in and check out. Willing to take care. If you attend meeting at COEX, this hotel is suitable for you. location, access to go Coex, airport bus stop The hotel location close to where I would like to have a meeting with friends. And have airport bus stop up front and across the hotel. Which it is easy for coming and going to the airport. Location, price and the gourmet shop Price, location, etc Overall satisfied for the price I paid good location, reasonable price, fast check-in Some friendly staff, eating places nearby, easy to get cab Nothing special on my stay in this hotel. There is no shopping mall nearby but there are several restaurant/eating places. Easy to find coffee shops with free wi-fi. Encountered some friendly staffs in the hotel but also experience some long face staff that aren't too helpful. My friends were there, they upgraded me to a better room, and the staff was helpful. The hotel was nice, but you can tell it is old. The regular rooms only have ethernet connection not wireless, so your Ipad or Galaxy Note will only work in the lobby unless you get a Business Suite room. There is no A/C during the winter months but they were kind enough to bring us an electrical fan. Most of the staff were attentive and helpful. I liked the bidet toilet in the room. Overall, our stay was good and want to thank the staff for doing the best that they could. Location, Price, Quiet location, clean, easy access good location, people, price Good loaction in this Gannan are. Very close to the business area. good location, friendly front desk, food ok This is a nice hotel located in a good business area. Walking destence to COEX exhibition center. Although the room is old, but ok. For business trip, I'll still take it next time. Handy to shops. Good for a short stay.” comfatable” nothing special, nothing to complain about. ” Clean, comfortable and located in the centre” good hotel in centre of business area” Eh...” the 5 star hotel ” comfortable” Good location but not so good service” Nice but small” Good location, staff extremely helpful” Convenient location” Not Great But Functional” Good location” Comfortable hotel but with small rooms” Nice hotel but needs to work on front desk service” Nice hotel with a good atmosphere” Good service, poor food quality” Hotel is near COEX, Ok to ride bus for convention” Ok with good service but don't expect too much” Close to Mall with shuttle bus. English speaking. Comfortable for a short stay although the beds were very hard. Laundry service is very panctual, bed making is nice. Good access to COEX extremely fast internet, good location, efficient staff this was my second time at Riviera Hotel. Their rates are usually really competitive and their rooms are fine for basic needs. There is something "old" feeling about the rooms (the decor, the furniture, the carpet) that doesn't feel as clean as one might like. It's a very standard conventional hotel that I would say rating at 5 stars is a LONG stretch. There's nothing to explicitly complain about but def not a 5 star hotel. That said, they dont' charge you 5 Star rates, so again, no complaints. I do feel like they need to update their interior though. The place is showing it's age (whatever that may be). Location is great, service is friendly and efficient, and rooms are a decent size. Internet is BLAZING fast here even relative to how fast internet is in seoul in general. So if that’s a priority, this hotel should be on your shortlist. The rooms are a good comfortable size (even spacious by asian hotel standards) but I personally prefer a smaller yet tidier (newer, cleaner) hotel experience. Good location, Attentive staff I stayed a night and it was very comfortable. All staffs are good in English. Much better if this price provied breakfast because no restaurant around there. location, freindly staff and shopping area its good, n problem during stay, recomended for thous how want to live in business area and have good shopping nearby Front entrance and lobby are pretty, staff was very kind with great English skills There was nothing "wrong" with this hotel, except maybe the price. My parents booked this for us as a second honeymoon and I would say that the title "superior double" is pretty misleading. The room was very small and the closet couldn't hold even 1 suitcase. The prices in the restaurants and from room service were laughable (approx $20 for cold cereal???) and there was no wifi available in the rooms. They did offer free cable internet, which was nice except that having a cord stretched across the tiny room made it that much harder to get around. Overall it was fine, but we spent the bulk of our time out of the room. There are plenty of hotels with better prices, better rooms and better locations to choose from. Its really well known Its totally reputable, its really difficult for taxi drivers to find a hotel in Korea even with the address but this is quite a well known hotel along with its unique shape. It was really comfortable staying here but approaching the night there is almost no food in the neighborhood and the room service is just too costly and not worth the money. easy access to and from airport it take 5 minutes walk to mass transit railway, and nearby the hotel it is not so many food shops and restaurants, but bus stop to airport is nearby. room is quite big enough and tidy and clean. not noisy at night. Good installations and confortable rooms. Good location. very easy to reach to/from airport. The price high and not included breakfast. The service in the recepcion should be improved. Nice room, very clean Clean and nice rooms, but sizes of the rooms and double bed are small. Much better if free breakfast is provided. clean sheets, clean floor Overall I was happy staying in the hotel. Its not far from the shopping areas and taxis are alway available Quick wifi in the lobby Theres only wifi in the lobby and the rooms lighting wasnt as bright as it should be. The staffs are helpful and frieldnly and most of all they can speak english too..overall its not bad. I quite like it ... Value for Money, International TV Channels have been staying at this hotel on my annual visits to seoul. it is functional i.e. not great but ok. good points - good location, decent bathroom, good selection of tv channels, good gym. not so good points - very average service from reception staff (e.g. staff not too sure what to do when i wanted to upgrade to the new wing),a very hard bed. overall, it is ok and good value for money. but if you are into luxury, then the intercontinental at coex ( about 2 km down the road) may be preferable. Lots of transportation and food near by. Not a bad place to stay, lots of food choices to choose from. Rooms are a bit small, but that's to be expected. The facility of the restroom is good. I like the facility of the restroom in the rooms. Besides, the rooms have large TV with HD. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The location of the hotel is good though not near to the popular shopping zones like Myeongdong. It is very convenient if one take the airport limousine to the hotel. The hotel staff are nice and helpful. Good location for business in the Gangnam area. i often come to korea for work, yet this particular voyage for me was both for business as well as visiting friends and family. it is a nice and clean hotel, however the front desk staff could work on their hospitality. their attitudes towards my partner and i throughout our stay were subpar compared to the other hotels of similar costs in the gangnam area. in contrast, the service in the restaurant on the first floor was great. it is annoying for macbook air owners (or other types of laptops with no cable connection), where wifi is only available in the hotel lobby. personally, i didn't appreciate the attitude of the front desk staff, thus i will likely not go back to this hotel. free internet a nice hotel in a very good area closed to gangnam area. it is easy to go to shopping places by taxi or bus. anyway, it quite far from the subway. it is also close to airport express where you can check in and take an airport bus direct to the airport. Helpful staff, near COEX and subway station Pros Good location, near COEX and subway station Staff are helpful, friendly and understands English Quick to attend to housekeeping request Allows us to check in early Cons Room lighting was dim Some parts of the room were dusty. Air con was not working properly, always too hot or too cold Far from shopping areas like Myeongdong and Namdaemun airport bus stop right in front, complimentary upgrade they gave us, convenience store at the back, friendly and helpful bell service We booked this hotel because there was a convention in COEX that we had to attend and it was the partner hotel. The initial single room with two beds that we stayed in was too small for us, the single beds especially. I called to request a change even if we were willing to pay but the lady who answered was not very accommodating and told me to contact Agoda instead for my request. We tried again with the front desk a few hours later and a guy actually checked the bookings and attended to us very nicely. I liked the family room that they gave us, especially the double bed. We walked to the subway station and that took around 10 to 15 minutes every time. It was an okay exercise but not all the time during our 6 nights stay in this hotel. It looked very near to walk to COEX in the map. cleanliness, staff We stayed at Riviera hotel for 4 nights while visiting Seoul. The location is not the best for travelers as it's in a business district but it's still easy to get around with taxis. Rooms don't have WiFi, only cable Internet (that's annoying!) and decoration is kind of old-style. But everything was very clean and they have good bathroom products. Good location ” Good location.