Nice location ” Stuffy room” Great Location” Location is really good” 매우 좋음” 매우 좋음” Very convenience to everywhere” Good but expecting more” 매우 좋음” Location ” 매우 좋음” good” very close to the central area” 매우 좋음” Location is best” 매우 좋음” Central but boring location. ” Nice location” Best location” 매우 좋음” 1) Location is great. Many tourist sites are accesible by foot. 2) Traffic is terrible. Use public transportation except taxi Taxi drivers are not kind even though it was call from the hotel. 3) A bakery shop in the first foor was great. 4) My booking was made because it said triple room but it was twin room +extra bed. 5) hotel is old building but everything was fine to me. However if you like fancy, modern style than it might not be for you. 6) house keepers are so kind We thought this hotel was a perfect find as the room is huge for its price, and we did not mind that it is not trendy or stylish. However, my friend and I were shocked to find that the air conditioning was intentionally turned off (if what they said was true, the entire building - all rooms - will not receive air conditioning). The room was stuffy, especially in the day, as the sun shines strongly into the room. We enquired about the situation but was told to open the window instead, and that they would provide us with a standing fan (!!!). How many standing fans do they have stored in the hotel if every guest makes the same enquiry? At night, the room is tolerable as the temperature outside has dropped. However, having the window open means we are exposed to the noise of traffic outside all night long. We have no issue with the hotel wanting to go sustainable (or for whatever reason they are turning off the AC), but it would be basic courtesy to make it known in their description so guests can book with their eyes open. The amenities clearly listed air conditioning as available therefore we feel this is not acceptable. Otherwise, room is big and clean, it’s located near a subway and a few more minutes to myeongdong. Very good location, very near to subway stations and airport shuttle bus station. The room is a bit old and simple, we ordered a twin bed room but turned out the bed is single bed, quite different from the pictures shown on the website. The good thing is the room is big. We opened two 30" luggage, we still have many space to put things and walk. Overall is a good experience. =) this hotel is located in the Myongdong area, next to Lotte Hotel. really convenient to go anywhere. and price was really cheap. Big and clean. Nice stay. Helpful staff They should have informed people that starting October there will be no aircon in the rooms. It was hot , but its good that they offer electric fan. Their staff are very helpful It is located to the center of Seoul, but a liitle bit old fashioned Good location The taxi stand is not visible to drivers. However the toilets are clean Comfortable stay I visited this hotel twice, very good. always stay there so that we can walk to business partners. good location Impeccable location - close to City hall, walking distance to Myeongdong. Facilities felt a bit old. Room lighting too dim. Could hear chitchatting of neighboring room - walls too thin? comfortable and clean, good location to stay.. Central location close to City Hall. Loud outside noise coming from street. Clean room and clean bathroom. Expensive coffee. Nice location and easy to find The hotel is situated at the heart of Seoul. The hotel is located across Seoul City Hall. Its walking distance to Myeong Dong and very near Lotte Department Store which offers duty free shopping. If you are fond of walking, you can actually walk to gyeungbokgung palace. Subway and bus is also accessible. Convenient location near airport bus stop, subway, shopping and restaurants. Good value for this location. Will stay here again next time in Seoul 매우 좋음” good hotel” good hotel” Downtown Location, walkable from Myeongdong Area ” 매우 좋음” 매우 좋음” Good location with good shopping nearby ” Conveniently located” Decent hotel right next to Lotte Myeong-dong” Location Location Location” Okay hotel ” Good location for shopping” Location is the key” convenient location” good” 1st Time Stay Experience at President Hotel” Location is good” Clean and tidy ” Good location” old hotel in a very good location” Good location, Good service. good hotel good hotel Very central located and walkable from Myeongdong area Recommended central location and clean room. No issues during stay No Aircon was the downside. Other than that, everything was okay Location is excellent. Our room was recently renovated and clean. Will consider staying here again The hotel is located near the airport limo, and the Subway. Staff at the check in /out could improve their service. But the concierge service staff were great. The Hotel is really pricey but conveniently located at the heart of Seoul. Location is very convenient, right on the left of hotel you can go to subway station, on the right there's lotte myeong-dong. Just walk further down and you will reach myeong-dong streets with all the cosmeticshops and food etc. Hotel room heater is sometimes too warm, and the room service staffs are not exactly friendly. If that doesn't bother you much, then I think this is hotel is pretty much recommended. Good Location! It was not the new tower. Ended up in old style hotel room which was old furniture but the location is perfect I think cause the accessibility to Meyongdong area It would be good value for money if u can get promotions. Good location for shopping and subways and buses. Helpful staff I did not spend much time in the hotel but the location was great for me. There was a CU convenient store near by so it was easy for me to have a quick bite. near 2 mrt stations, quite convenient good We are very happy with our stay at President Hotel. The overall stay experience is pleasant and happy. Thank you. Tan Soh Hui (from Singapore). Location is good as its just 2 minutes walk to Lotte departmental store and about 7 minutes walk to Myeong Dong Street. The best thing is the hotel exit area had an underpass that links between City hall station (blue line) and Eujilro 1-ga station (green line). It's very convenient. Staffs are helpful and friendly. Hotel lobby seems to be very luxury but the rooms are quite old. Nonetheless, everything is working fine. I was staying in a room facing the Seoul Plaza and its a little noisy early in the morning. Had a satisfactory stay! Clean and tidy, nice staff The hotel is rather old but its located well within the city area. We had a great view of the Seoul Plaza during winter where you can see the Ice Skating Rink right below. location, location, location Although the hotel is quite old and the rooms are in serious need of upgrading, the staff and the location makes up for it. The people in the concierge and housekeeping departments are very freindly and helpful. The location of the hotel is a big plus with both the subway entrance and airport bus stop right outside the hotel. Upscale lotte department store and myeongdong shopping area are also just around the corner and located all around the hotel are different choices of restaurants serving local and foreign cuisines. great hotel” Marvelous view and location” Great Location” Great location!” Good indeed” value for money” A week in Seoul” Hotel is situated in Nice location ” Quite old” Clean room, near to train stations” excellent location” Great Location” Ok” convenience & comfort” Good city hotel in the Seoul heart” great location at the President Hotel” Nice and Comfortable ” Nice and interesting” good, convient. like” Convenience location and standard room however old” value for money, location, cleanliness accessible from incheon airport via KAL limo bus. few meters away. my mistake i took 6015 bus fr airport so we had to walk few hundred meters on a freezing night. i dont like it when housekeeping always knocks every hour starting at 9am EVERYDAY Windows toward Duk-Soo palace, Seoul Cityhall and downtown. Good location. Adequate price Beautiful view. Easy access. Kind crews. Old room furniture but adequate price in comparison with other hotels like Lotte hotel, Westin Chosun hotel. Staff - Location - Cleanliness The President is excellently situated across from the City and its famous park. Although the hotel is dated and a little tired it is clean and comfortable. The room service menu is a little sparse and the in house Korean restaurant only has a "set" menu but, there are many restaurants within walking distance. The airport bus drop off is also less than 3 minutes walk so no fuss about how do I get to/from the airport. good location; reasonable price; spaciousness of each room Its location is wonderful: it is close to the city hall and you can enjoy the nice view of the central area of Seoul from high floors of this hotel. Even though the city hall side is sometimes noisy, it's quiet if you choose the rooms of the opposite side. Each room is spacious, but its charge is reasonable despite the best location! In the city center, very close to the station and easy to find the sightseeing posts Good room size, location,. airport bus my stay is comfortable n pleasant This hotel is conveniently located in city center at City Hall. Airport Bus stops within walking distance at Lotte Hotel which is about 50 m. from President hotel. Underground station is 100 m. We enjoyed our stay at the President Hotel as a base for our first visit to explore Seoul. Location wise it is the best and best in value too. The room size is not too cramp compared to other city hotels, the interior is dated though. I understand that it is undergoing renovation and look forward to another stay once completed. location, view from window & good staff Location is convenient, walk distance to the shopping mall and lots of restaurant around The hotel is quite old then I expected but the staff is helpful and location is great Proximity to train, Near to heart of shopping district, Clean room Pretty clean and considerably spacious room for 2 pax. Slight walking needed to reach train station. It is also right next to the Lotte Hotel where the bus to go to/from Incheon Airport stops at, so you just need to drag your luggages for a pretty short route to reach President hotel. Meanwhile, we went during winter, warmer system in the room not quite used to it and we feel a bit stuffy, so requested for a fan to circulate the still air. close to limosine stop and undergroun will book same hotel in my next visit Location, friendly staff The area and location is good with train station just afew mins walking distance away for easy accessibility around Seoul. Good shopping and restaurants areas nearby. Rooms are decent size, however the air con was not working well, there is some on going construction work in the buildings which start at around 9am. Good location Ok Airport Shuttle available and surrounding various food available Satisfactory Location, airport bus stop, proximity to shopping/dining area Excellent location, 20 meters away a bus stop for Incheon International airport (16,000 Korean wons per adult), 3 exits to subway station in a walking distance. Underground shopping area is 10 meters away from hotel entrance. Lotte duty free shop just behind the hotel, very nice food court at B1 floor there. The worst thing I experienced - noone speaks English, very difficult to communicate and get help. But if one manages to explain what s/he needs, then people are ready to help. Hotel is average for cleanliness, old furniture, but spacious room compensates that shortcoming! We could fit baby bed and a stroller easily. Toothbrush and toothpaste are for extra payment. WiFi is speedy. We lived on the 27th floor, windows facing the Seoul square, with closed windows it was too noisy, at times windy, draft was sneaking through poor sealing. Average hotel in the Seoul heart next to very pricy hotels. If you want to spend the whole day in hotel it is not for you, but if you want a night lodge in the city centre, go for it. Good location, Clean Room, Friendly staff Good stay close to shopping area, nice hotel. 1)Location 2)Friendly staffs and 3) clean We Stayed here during our last 2 nights in Seoul.The Hotel can Support us perfect. This hotel is the best choice if you plan travelling to seoul city area. Nice location, easy access to the city, nice staff It was nice and no doubt to recommend for others good convcinent. easy acceess Location is very good, about 10 mins walk to MyeongDong and next to Lotte duty free; Room is big enough, Close to MTR statno I am glad to stay here again as the price and room size really fits my travel this time. I can easily access to other spots that I need by taking Line 1 and 2 where the subway station is close by. However, the room is a bit dark at night time, except from this I have no further compliant. I will still consider to come back to this hotel in the future. very convenient location but bad in toilet ” good” Nice clean hotel with great location ” Great location, good value for money” Central location and comfortable stay” Centrally located, is ok evthng exept air con” it was great vacation in seoul” Near transport, very friendly and great service” good location - nice view” Great easy approach Central Seoul a” great location” convenient and comfortable” Great Location and services at good price” Looking a bit jaded” very good location for a business traveller” Aged hotel but excellent staff and location” Good location for business” Great Location but small toilet” great location not so great hotel.” Good location, reasonable price” great location, large room size, comfortable mattress I stay there for three nights. Lived in 30/f. The room is good. Location is good too! But one thing make me feel disgusting is the toilet mulfunctioned. Cannot flash even veve. Although we can frontdesk for this issue. They sent engineer to fix it.but failed. We cant use it to 'poopoo" in these three nights we can only go to lobbys toilet, n last days I found a saff yoilet in same floor, it can flash all the things out! so not the high floor water pressure issue, its really our toilet not function. It is very inconvenient to us! food location Location, right next to train subway, helpful staff Very pleasant, staff allowed us to check in early due to early flight arrival. Also had free luggage storage. Very helpful staff, providing maps and information on local area. Close to market and Indosong shopping area and tea houses. 1 great location in myeongdong and next to Lotte. 2 airport shuttle stop outside hotel. 3. Good value for money Very satisfactory stay. Helpful staff - after checking out I remembered that I had left something in fridge. I phoned hotel housekeeping and my package was recovered very efficiently. Great location and nearby underground enabled me to move around easily. However free wifi was only available in the lobby , not in the room The location of the hotel is very central and near to shopping area of Myeondong.Hotel room and facilities are very clean.The staff are friendly, helpful and efficient in dealing with our check ins. Large room city view dining is good Exept the air con was everything ok, little bit old but ok nice staff, good location and tranport it is good hotel.I will stay there next time again. i want to recommend to my friesds who want to stay in seoul. Transport, Friendliness , Service Great overall. but no wifi in the room. have to use it at the lobby or else you have to use lan. the staffs are very nice and hospitable. we kept our bags there at the bell for a week while visiting other province when you ask for something, they seem to handle it with priority which was very assuring location - reasonable price - comfortable facilities Covenient, easy access to central Seoul, economic location, quality, price good price for the 5 star hotel. great location internet charge is a burden well known and established reputation spacious room and good kind service. but carpet and furniture are old. many guests and noisy lobby good location convenient for subway Great Location Great Location just next to Lotte Hotel with shuttle bus to Incheon Airport. 10 minutes walk to Myeong Dong. Service The room itself is adequate, the bed firm but supportive and comfortable, and the shower was of adequate pressure and temperature. TV was good with a reasonable choice of TV channels for an Englishman abroad. The staff were polite and attentive, but not overly so - just the roght balance The hotel is in need of refurbishment throughout. Carpets are stained especially in public places, and while the bathroom is functional it is in serious need of updating. Better double glazing would be of benefit. The heating and aircon were hard to manage and I am not sure I really achieved it. The breakfast buffet was very disappointing, what was there was okay but the same every day and the choice was limited. The lobby area is way too small for the number of rooms in the hotel, 1 x 3 seat sofa and 2 x 2 seat sofa - hmmm needs more capacity. Luggage for checked out travellers stored in a public area, this is not adequate even if under supervision. Had trouble with the very noisy upstairs neigbours, which I reported at 01:30, and was attended too. However the response from the residents was to continue until 03:00.. not ideal. location and proximity to many restaurants and shopping, great for a solo traveller short business stay, selected the hotel purely based on its location and proximity to the offices i needed to visit. hotel and staff were nice enough, bell staff were very kind giving me tips on where to eat and getting taxis etc. its an extremely old hotel though and it showed in the rooms. it had free wifi so ideal for business. and since i dont usually get to spend a lot of time in the room, this was not a bad selection. Location is right behind Lotte Seoul, and Westin Chosun, but the price is 1/5 of what you would pay. The rooms are old, and look as if they haven't been renovated since the early 90's. However the rooms are relatively clean, not quite 5 star, and very importantly there is no smell of stale cigarettes. Good for location and nevertheless enjoyable stay. Next to city hall and the main subway line The rooms are quite large and comfortable however I do have one problem. I've stayed in many hotels over my time and even down to some of the cheapest hotels, they have never charged me extra for a toothbrush and toothpaste.President hotel does charge you extra for a toothbrush and toothpaste Apart from that everything else was quite nice. I did appreciate the breakfast buffet very much. Free wifi in the lobby The location is beside Lotte Seoul Hotel and transportation is very convenient and is near underground shopping center. good food at the restaurant, the location is amazing, is near everything. The hotel is not so great, but is good compared with the hotels around with are more expensive. Internet is not for free. location better to offer free-internet access from each hotel room. although business centre offer free wire connection, but only one wire/line is workable, other 2 lines does not work. i left my mobile re-charger/adapter at the ground floor business centre, although i sent fax message to hotel on 19 april and spoke over phone twice via the reception, to date i did not receive any reply message either by free e-mail or by fax; nor did i receive my left stuff. lack of response to guest is not professional way at all, may this be improved. Great location, subway just next to the hotel! ” OK, but no prize” Good Location” Old hotel but great location.” Great location” Great Location but old style service” Great Location but no wifi or internet service!” great location but more smiles are welcome” Good Hotel, fantastic location across city hall” Male” Great location and nice hotel” Lovely hotel and service with a smile” Great Location and great service” Comfort hotel” Comfort and warm hotel ” Location is great, internet service is expensive” The Resident” Reasonable price ” Good location” president hotel seoul” very comfort bed love the services and the room i was staying on 15 floors? i can see whole city of seoul, quite cool! but hotel charged for everything even one bottle of water Good location, concierge was helpful Location was in the middle of town and close to 2 famous palaces. The concierge was helpful in assisting us with booking city tours. It was not difficult to check in and the room service was also responsive. However, i would not visit the hotel again simply because of the lack of internet access in the rooms. I was told there was a "line problem", but when I checked the ethernet cable, there wasn't even a socket to connect it to! Good Location & clean I hear that this hotel is old, but room is enough clean to stay comfortable. Room is quite reasonable, comparing the rest of the hotel surrounding Myeong Dong, but about time to upgrade. great value for money, mainly due to the location, all within 10mins walk to myeong dong, namdemum, and all the restaurants and pubs. we shouldn't expect too high on such money that we spend on this "5star" hotel? but over all, worth it..... Very convenient location There is a direct couch that stop at the lotte hotel, and lotte hotel is just few steps away from President hotel. subway is also nearby. Perfect for us! It is really the location that I like about this hotel location this location is good and you can find shopping center and famous resturants in walking distance. airport bus stop at the front door and very convenient even you have lots of luggage. the room is old and without free wifi service within the hotel. but the staff are still helpful. Good location, 50 metre from Limo Bus in front of Lotte Hotel Myungdong rooms was good but should hv wi-fi internet (at least at the lobby!)as most of the hotel in seoul provided free wi-fi even budget hotel or guesthouse/backpackers! reasonable price quite satisfactory except 1. NO FREE internet facilities 2. Only 1 key per room, not convenient the twin/triple sharing Room size is OK, very good views, sparkling clean, helpful staff. Near almost all major tourist attractions. Good for business travellers also. though stay was short hotel was very comfortable and close to everything. there is an internet cafe right next to the hotel and a 24 hour food store nearby. overall experience was very good. would like to stay again Location. Older hotel located in a very central location in Seoul. location right next to city hall and euljiro-1 subway stations (lines 1 and 2) so, needless to say the suite room was awesome (although the shower faucet was a bit too cleverly designed and it took us something like 5 minutes to figure out how to get it working). as usual in korea the service was great, and this hotel has an absolutely brilliant location for visiting any tourist spots in seoul, and of course for shopping. Great location Poor standard of 1st floor buffer restaurant - plenty people from the 'street' and very noisy Every night noise fropm the 31st floor - loud musik location, initiative, understand your requirements without asking oldish toilet in the room, no cooling as room can get stuffy with good heater provided for the price it is very good value and with the location it is even better value close to central distance No free internet assess i have the holiday at 7-12/12/2010 at korea. i stay in pesident hotel for one day. pesident hotel is close to central distance in korea. the public transport linkage is good from pesident hotel to other places. the room is clean. the price is reasonable. the services is good. the staff is friendly. but there is no free internet assess. yoou must bring your personal notebook to assess payable internet. close to central distance and reasonable price No free internet assess i have the journey at 9-12/12/2010 at korea. i have stay one night at president hotel. president hotel close to central distance and reasonable price. the service is good and the staff is nice. the room is clean. there is no freeinternet assess. if you want to assess internet, you should bring your personal notebook for assessing payable internet. location internet The location is good. Room is big and clean. Price is reasonable. Last time I stayed here and the internet service was free. But this time I was charged about won. The staff told me that the rule differs for different floors. It was strange to me. Right at the city centre  This is a good hotel to stay for its location. Many attractions are within walking distance from this hotel. Airport bus will bring you to the front of the hotel that is very convenience if you arrived Seoul by an evening flight. The room price is relative lower compared to other hotels next to it, i.e. Westin, Lotte Hotel, ... etc. It may be due to its age. The room looks aged but it is clean though. In short, I had a very pleasant stay in this hotel. Convenient location that is near the shopping area A smell of cigarettes in the room; without kettle in the room Standard hotel environment though a bit old fashioned. Convenient place which near the shopping area. Overall reasonable price with such a convenient location on the town center. location, value for money President hotel is a very good location - at the heart of the city centre, right next to Myeongdong (the most popular shopping district), and a few minutes away from the subway! Very convenient, however given it is a 3 star hotel, the facilities are lacking and rooms are quite old,although i have noticed that they are starting to renovate the lobby/halls etc. location nice rooms beds are to small  Nice location ??Stuffy room??Great Location??Location is really good??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??Very convenience to everywhere??Good but expecting more??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??Location ??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??good??very close to the central area??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??Location is best??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??Central but boring location. ??Nice location??Best location??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??1) Location is great. Many tourist sites are accesible by foot. 2) Traffic is terrible. Use public transportation except taxi Taxi drivers are not kind even though it was call from the hotel. 3) A bakery shop in the first foor was great. 4) My booking was made because it said triple room but it was twin room +extra bed. 5) hotel is old building but everything was fine to me. However if you like fancy, modern style than it might not be for you. 6) house keepers are so kind We thought this hotel was a perfect find as the room is huge for its price, and we did not mind that it is not trendy or stylish. However, my friend and I were shocked to find that the air conditioning was intentionally turned off (if what they said was true, the entire building - all rooms - will not receive air conditioning). The room was stuffy, especially in the day, as the sun shines strongly into the room. We enquired about the situation but was told to open the window instead, and that they would provide us with a standing fan (!!!). How many standing fans do they have stored in the hotel if every guest makes the same enquiry? At night, the room is tolerable as the temperature outside has dropped. However, having the window open means we are exposed to the noise of traffic outside all night long. We have no issue with the hotel wanting to go sustainable (or for whatever reason they are turning off the AC), but it would be basic courtesy to make it known in their description so guests can book with their eyes open. The amenities clearly listed air conditioning as available therefore we feel this is not acceptable. Otherwise, room is big and clean, it?셲 located near a subway and a few more minutes to myeongdong. Very good location, very near to subway stations and airport shuttle bus station. The room is a bit old and simple, we ordered a twin bed room but turned out the bed is single bed, quite different from the pictures shown on the website. The good thing is the room is big. We opened two 30" luggage, we still have many space to put things and walk. Overall is a good experience. =) this hotel is located in the Myongdong area, next to Lotte Hotel. really convenient to go anywhere. and price was really cheap. Big and clean. Nice stay. Helpful staff They should have informed people that starting October there will be no aircon in the rooms. It was hot , but its good that they offer electric fan. Their staff are very helpful It is located to the center of Seoul, but a liitle bit old fashioned Good location The taxi stand is not visible to drivers. However the toilets are clean Comfortable stay I visited this hotel twice, very good. always stay there so that we can walk to business partners. good location Impeccable location - close to City hall, walking distance to Myeongdong. Facilities felt a bit old. Room lighting too dim. Could hear chitchatting of neighboring room - walls too thin? comfortable and clean, good location to stay.. Central location close to City Hall. Loud outside noise coming from street. Clean room and clean bathroom. Expensive coffee. Nice location and easy to find The hotel is situated at the heart of Seoul. The hotel is located across Seoul City Hall. Its walking distance to Myeong Dong and very near Lotte Department Store which offers duty free shopping. If you are fond of walking, you can actually walk to gyeungbokgung palace. Subway and bus is also accessible. Convenient location near airport bus stop, subway, shopping and restaurants. Good value for this location. Will stay here again next time in Seoul 留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??good hotel??good hotel??Downtown Location, walkable from Myeongdong Area ??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??Good location with good shopping nearby ??Conveniently located??Decent hotel right next to Lotte Myeong-dong??Location Location Location??Okay hotel ??Good location for shopping??Location is the key??convenient location??good??1st Time Stay Experience at President Hotel??Location is good??Clean and tidy ??Good location??old hotel in a very good location??Good location, Good service. good hotel good hotel Very central located and walkable from Myeongdong area Recommended central location and clean room. No issues during stay No Aircon was the downside. Other than that, everything was okay Location is excellent. Our room was recently renovated and clean. Will consider staying here again The hotel is located near the airport limo, and the Subway. Staff at the check in /out could improve their service. But the concierge service staff were great. The Hotel is really pricey but conveniently located at the heart of Seoul. Location is very convenient, right on the left of hotel you can go to subway station, on the right there's lotte myeong-dong. Just walk further down and you will reach myeong-dong streets with all the cosmeticshops and food etc. Hotel room heater is sometimes too warm, and the room service staffs are not exactly friendly. If that doesn't bother you much, then I think this is hotel is pretty much recommended. Good Location! It was not the new tower. Ended up in old style hotel room which was old furniture but the location is perfect I think cause the accessibility to Meyongdong area It would be good value for money if u can get promotions. Good location for shopping and subways and buses. Helpful staff I did not spend much time in the hotel but the location was great for me. There was a CU convenient store near by so it was easy for me to have a quick bite. near 2 mrt stations, quite convenient good We are very happy with our stay at President Hotel. The overall stay experience is pleasant and happy. Thank you. Tan Soh Hui (from Singapore). Location is good as its just 2 minutes walk to Lotte departmental store and about 7 minutes walk to Myeong Dong Street. The best thing is the hotel exit area had an underpass that links between City hall station (blue line) and Eujilro 1-ga station (green line). It's very convenient. Staffs are helpful and friendly. Hotel lobby seems to be very luxury but the rooms are quite old. Nonetheless, everything is working fine. I was staying in a room facing the Seoul Plaza and its a little noisy early in the morning. Had a satisfactory stay! Clean and tidy, nice staff The hotel is rather old but its located well within the city area. We had a great view of the Seoul Plaza during winter where you can see the Ice Skating Rink right below. location, location, location Although the hotel is quite old and the rooms are in serious need of upgrading, the staff and the location makes up for it. The people in the concierge and housekeeping departments are very freindly and helpful. The location of the hotel is a big plus with both the subway entrance and airport bus stop right outside the hotel. Upscale lotte department store and myeongdong shopping area are also just around the corner and located all around the hotel are different choices of restaurants serving local and foreign cuisines. great hotel??Marvelous view and location??Great Location??Great location!??Good indeed??value for money??A week in Seoul??Hotel is situated in Nice location ??Quite old??Clean room, near to train stations??excellent location??Great Location??Ok??convenience & comfort??Good city hotel in the Seoul heart??great location at the President Hotel??Nice and Comfortable ??Nice and interesting??good, convient. like??Convenience location and standard room however old??value for money, location, cleanliness accessible from incheon airport via KAL limo bus. few meters away. my mistake i took 6015 bus fr airport so we had to walk few hundred meters on a freezing night. i dont like it when housekeeping always knocks every hour starting at 9am EVERYDAY Windows toward Duk-Soo palace, Seoul Cityhall and downtown. Good location. Adequate price Beautiful view. Easy access. Kind crews. Old room furniture but adequate price in comparison with other hotels like Lotte hotel, Westin Chosun hotel. Staff - Location - Cleanliness The President is excellently situated across from the City and its famous park. Although the hotel is dated and a little tired it is clean and comfortable. The room service menu is a little sparse and the in house Korean restaurant only has a "set" menu but, there are many restaurants within walking distance. The airport bus drop off is also less than 3 minutes walk so no fuss about how do I get to/from the airport. good location; reasonable price; spaciousness of each room Its location is wonderful: it is close to the city hall and you can enjoy the nice view of the central area of Seoul from high floors of this hotel. Even though the city hall side is sometimes noisy, it's quiet if you choose the rooms of the opposite side. Each room is spacious, but its charge is reasonable despite the best location! In the city center, very close to the station and easy to find the sightseeing posts Good room size, location,. airport bus my stay is comfortable n pleasant This hotel is conveniently located in city center at City Hall. Airport Bus stops within walking distance at Lotte Hotel which is about 50 m. from President hotel. Underground station is 100 m. We enjoyed our stay at the President Hotel as a base for our first visit to explore Seoul. Location wise it is the best and best in value too. The room size is not too cramp compared to other city hotels, the interior is dated though. I understand that it is undergoing renovation and look forward to another stay once completed. location, view from window & good staff Location is convenient, walk distance to the shopping mall and lots of restaurant around The hotel is quite old then I expected but the staff is helpful and location is great Proximity to train, Near to heart of shopping district, Clean room Pretty clean and considerably spacious room for 2 pax. Slight walking needed to reach train station. It is also right next to the Lotte Hotel where the bus to go to/from Incheon Airport stops at, so you just need to drag your luggages for a pretty short route to reach President hotel. Meanwhile, we went during winter, warmer system in the room not quite used to it and we feel a bit stuffy, so requested for a fan to circulate the still air. close to limosine stop and undergroun will book same hotel in my next visit Location, friendly staff The area and location is good with train station just afew mins walking distance away for easy accessibility around Seoul. Good shopping and restaurants areas nearby. Rooms are decent size, however the air con was not working well, there is some on going construction work in the buildings which start at around 9am. Good location Ok Airport Shuttle available and surrounding various food available Satisfactory Location, airport bus stop, proximity to shopping/dining area Excellent location, 20 meters away a bus stop for Incheon International airport (16,000 Korean wons per adult), 3 exits to subway station in a walking distance. Underground shopping area is 10 meters away from hotel entrance. Lotte duty free shop just behind the hotel, very nice food court at B1 floor there. The worst thing I experienced - noone speaks English, very difficult to communicate and get help. But if one manages to explain what s/he needs, then people are ready to help. Hotel is average for cleanliness, old furniture, but spacious room compensates that shortcoming! We could fit baby bed and a stroller easily. Toothbrush and toothpaste are for extra payment. WiFi is speedy. We lived on the 27th floor, windows facing the Seoul square, with closed windows it was too noisy, at times windy, draft was sneaking through poor sealing. Average hotel in the Seoul heart next to very pricy hotels. If you want to spend the whole day in hotel it is not for you, but if you want a night lodge in the city centre, go for it. Good location, Clean Room, Friendly staff Good stay close to shopping area, nice hotel. 1)Location 2)Friendly staffs and 3) clean We Stayed here during our last 2 nights in Seoul.The Hotel can Support us perfect. This hotel is the best choice if you plan travelling to seoul city area. Nice location, easy access to the city, nice staff It was nice and no doubt to recommend for others good convcinent. easy acceess Location is very good, about 10 mins walk to MyeongDong and next to Lotte duty free; Room is big enough, Close to MTR statno I am glad to stay here again as the price and room size really fits my travel this time. I can easily access to other spots that I need by taking Line 1 and 2 where the subway station is close by. However, the room is a bit dark at night time, except from this I have no further compliant. I will still consider to come back to this hotel in the future. very convenient location but bad in toilet ??good??Nice clean hotel with great location ??Great location, good value for money??Central location and comfortable stay??Centrally located, is ok evthng exept air con??it was great vacation in seoul??Near transport, very friendly and great service??good location - nice view??Great easy approach Central Seoul a??great location??convenient and comfortable??Great Location and services at good price??Looking a bit jaded??very good location for a business traveller??Aged hotel but excellent staff and location??Good location for business??Great Location but small toilet??great location not so great hotel.??Good location, reasonable price??great location, large room size, comfortable mattress I stay there for three nights. Lived in 30/f. The room is good. Location is good too! But one thing make me feel disgusting is the toilet mulfunctioned. Cannot flash even veve. Although we can frontdesk for this issue. They sent engineer to fix it.but failed. We cant use it to 'poopoo" in these three nights we can only go to lobbys toilet, n last days I found a saff yoilet in same floor, it can flash all the things out! so not the high floor water pressure issue, its really our toilet not function. It is very inconvenient to us! food location Location, right next to train subway, helpful staff Very pleasant, staff allowed us to check in early due to early flight arrival. Also had free luggage storage. Very helpful staff, providing maps and information on local area. Close to market and Indosong shopping area and tea houses. 1 great location in myeongdong and next to Lotte. 2 airport shuttle stop outside hotel. 3. Good value for money Very satisfactory stay. Helpful staff - after checking out I remembered that I had left something in fridge. I phoned hotel housekeeping and my package was recovered very efficiently. Great location and nearby underground enabled me to move around easily. However free wifi was only available in the lobby , not in the room The location of the hotel is very central and near to shopping area of Myeondong.Hotel room and facilities are very clean.The staff are friendly, helpful and efficient in dealing with our check ins. Large room city view dining is good Exept the air con was everything ok, little bit old but ok nice staff, good location and tranport it is good hotel.I will stay there next time again. i want to recommend to my friesds who want to stay in seoul. Transport, Friendliness , Service Great overall. but no wifi in the room. have to use it at the lobby or else you have to use lan. the staffs are very nice and hospitable. we kept our bags there at the bell for a week while visiting other province when you ask for something, they seem to handle it with priority which was very assuring location - reasonable price - comfortable facilities Covenient, easy access to central Seoul, economic location, quality, price good price for the 5 star hotel. great location internet charge is a burden well known and established reputation spacious room and good kind service. but carpet and furniture are old. many guests and noisy lobby good location convenient for subway Great Location Great Location just next to Lotte Hotel with shuttle bus to Incheon Airport. 10 minutes walk to Myeong Dong. Service The room itself is adequate, the bed firm but supportive and comfortable, and the shower was of adequate pressure and temperature. TV was good with a reasonable choice of TV channels for an Englishman abroad. The staff were polite and attentive, but not overly so - just the roght balance The hotel is in need of refurbishment throughout. Carpets are stained especially in public places, and while the bathroom is functional it is in serious need of updating. Better double glazing would be of benefit. The heating and aircon were hard to manage and I am not sure I really achieved it. The breakfast buffet was very disappointing, what was there was okay but the same every day and the choice was limited. The lobby area is way too small for the number of rooms in the hotel, 1 x 3 seat sofa and 2 x 2 seat sofa - hmmm needs more capacity. Luggage for checked out travellers stored in a public area, this is not adequate even if under supervision. Had trouble with the very noisy upstairs neigbours, which I reported at 01:30, and was attended too. However the response from the residents was to continue until 03:00.. not ideal. location and proximity to many restaurants and shopping, great for a solo traveller short business stay, selected the hotel purely based on its location and proximity to the offices i needed to visit. hotel and staff were nice enough, bell staff were very kind giving me tips on where to eat and getting taxis etc. its an extremely old hotel though and it showed in the rooms. it had free wifi so ideal for business. and since i dont usually get to spend a lot of time in the room, this was not a bad selection. Location is right behind Lotte Seoul, and Westin Chosun, but the price is 1/5 of what you would pay. The rooms are old, and look as if they haven't been renovated since the early 90's. However the rooms are relatively clean, not quite 5 star, and very importantly there is no smell of stale cigarettes. Good for location and nevertheless enjoyable stay. Next to city hall and the main subway line The rooms are quite large and comfortable however I do have one problem. I've stayed in many hotels over my time and even down to some of the cheapest hotels, they have never charged me extra for a toothbrush and toothpaste.President hotel does charge you extra for a toothbrush and toothpaste Apart from that everything else was quite nice. I did appreciate the breakfast buffet very much. Free wifi in the lobby The location is beside Lotte Seoul Hotel and transportation is very convenient and is near underground shopping center. good food at the restaurant, the location is amazing, is near everything. The hotel is not so great, but is good compared with the hotels around with are more expensive. Internet is not for free. location better to offer free-internet access from each hotel room. although business centre offer free wire connection, but only one wire/line is workable, other 2 lines does not work. i left my mobile re-charger/adapter at the ground floor business centre, although i sent fax message to hotel on 19 april and spoke over phone twice via the reception, to date i did not receive any reply message either by free e-mail or by fax; nor did i receive my left stuff. lack of response to guest is not professional way at all, may this be improved. Great location, subway just next to the hotel! ??OK, but no prize??Good Location??Old hotel but great location.??Great location??Great Location but old style service??Great Location but no wifi or internet service!??great location but more smiles are welcome??Good Hotel, fantastic location across city hall??Male??Great location and nice hotel??Lovely hotel and service with a smile??Great Location and great service??Comfort hotel??Comfort and warm hotel ??Location is great, internet service is expensive??The Resident??Reasonable price ??Good location??president hotel seoul??very comfort bed love the services and the room i was staying on 15 floors? i can see whole city of seoul, quite cool! but hotel charged for everything even one bottle of water Good location, concierge was helpful Location was in the middle of town and close to 2 famous palaces. The concierge was helpful in assisting us with booking city tours. It was not difficult to check in and the room service was also responsive. However, i would not visit the hotel again simply because of the lack of internet access in the rooms. I was told there was a "line problem", but when I checked the ethernet cable, there wasn't even a socket to connect it to! Good Location & clean I hear that this hotel is old, but room is enough clean to stay comfortable. Room is quite reasonable, comparing the rest of the hotel surrounding Myeong Dong, but about time to upgrade. great value for money, mainly due to the location, all within 10mins walk to myeong dong, namdemum, and all the restaurants and pubs. we shouldn't expect too high on such money that we spend on this "5star" hotel? but over all, worth it..... Very convenient location There is a direct couch that stop at the lotte hotel, and lotte hotel is just few steps away from President hotel. subway is also nearby. Perfect for us! It is really the location that I like about this hotel location this location is good and you can find shopping center and famous resturants in walking distance. airport bus stop at the front door and very convenient even you have lots of luggage. the room is old and without free wifi service within the hotel. but the staff are still helpful. Good location, 50 metre from Limo Bus in front of Lotte Hotel Myungdong rooms was good but should hv wi-fi internet (at least at the lobby!)as most of the hotel in seoul provided free wi-fi even budget hotel or guesthouse/backpackers! reasonable price quite satisfactory except 1. NO FREE internet facilities 2. Only 1 key per room, not convenient the twin/triple sharing Room size is OK, very good views, sparkling clean, helpful staff. Near almost all major tourist attractions. Good for business travellers also. though stay was short hotel was very comfortable and close to everything. there is an internet cafe right next to the hotel and a 24 hour food store nearby. overall experience was very good. would like to stay again Location. Older hotel located in a very central location in Seoul. location right next to city hall and euljiro-1 subway stations (lines 1 and 2) so, needless to say the suite room was awesome (although the shower faucet was a bit too cleverly designed and it took us something like 5 minutes to figure out how to get it working). as usual in korea the service was great, and this hotel has an absolutely brilliant location for visiting any tourist spots in seoul, and of course for shopping. Great location Poor standard of 1st floor buffer restaurant - plenty people from the 'street' and very noisy Every night noise fropm the 31st floor - loud musik location, initiative, understand your requirements without asking oldish toilet in the room, no cooling as room can get stuffy with good heater provided for the price it is very good value and with the location it is even better value close to central distance No free internet assess i have the holiday at 7-12/12/2010 at korea. i stay in pesident hotel for one day. pesident hotel is close to central distance in korea. the public transport linkage is good from pesident hotel to other places. the room is clean. the price is reasonable. the services is good. the staff is friendly. but there is no free internet assess. yoou must bring your personal notebook to assess payable internet. close to central distance and reasonable price No free internet assess i have the journey at 9-12/12/2010 at korea. i have stay one night at president hotel. president hotel close to central distance and reasonable price. the service is good and the staff is nice. the room is clean. there is no freeinternet assess. if you want to assess internet, you should bring your personal notebook for assessing payable internet. location internet The location is good. Room is big and clean. Price is reasonable. Last time I stayed here and the internet service was free. But this time I was charged about won. The staff told me that the rule differs for different floors. It was strange to me. Right at the city centre  This is a good hotel to stay for its location. Many attractions are within walking distance from this hotel. Airport bus will bring you to the front of the hotel that is very convenience if you arrived Seoul by an evening flight. The room price is relative lower compared to other hotels next to it, i.e. Westin, Lotte Hotel, ... etc. It may be due to its age. The room looks aged but it is clean though. In short, I had a very pleasant stay in this hotel. Convenient location that is near the shopping area A smell of cigarettes in the room; without kettle in the room Standard hotel environment though a bit old fashioned. Convenient place which near the shopping area. Overall reasonable price with such a convenient location on the town center. location, value for money President hotel is a very good location - at the heart of the city centre, right next to Myeongdong (the most popular shopping district), and a few minutes away from the subway! Very convenient, however given it is a 3 star hotel, the facilities are lacking and rooms are quite old,although i have noticed that they are starting to renovate the lobby/halls etc. location nice rooms beds are to small Good value for your money??Although it has something to offer, not everything suits my needs??It's a decent hotel!??good??Great for short time stay in this location??Good hotel ??excellent??NICE FACILITY??If you need to be in this area of Seoul Hotel Park Habio is the best choice??Hotel was clean, bedding was nice and clean seemed well managed. but some sort of central system A/C and heater So we had a controller in our room but couldn't control the temperature. Also if you stay more then 3days they only change bedding every 3days, also, they charge extra for additional towel. Wth ToT . Location was nice had many restaurants , easy access to convenient store also sauna and movie theater in same building. But front desk staff were not nice and some what rude. They didnt smile at all and when they check in customers also they answer questions with annoyed tone of voice and no eye contact. Clean, fresh-looking lobby with friendly staff. Starbucks located on the first floor with Megabox Cinema on B1. Facilities was out there with maximum convenience, but the food at hotel restaurant seemed average, the room didn't have a closet for my coat. This is something minor, but really changed the way I felt about this place. What I like most about my room was the TOILET. It heated the seat, flushed the bowl clean, and cleaned my asshole pretty darn well. Haha. The hotel came with a complimentary brekkie which it wasn't so bad. I enjoyed the toast, scrambled eggs and a cold cup of milk. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. everything is within a walk distance Could have been much greater with some clothing chest and better lighting The location near at subway,bus,restaurants,movie theater and departments stores just by walk you can go to a lot good site we stay there in 3 days we got to water kingdom near at hotel just in basement floor walking.after the other day we go to departments store and watch movie..the location is good the hotel is good free breakfast common breakfast..safe place to stay recommended this hotel the hotel quite nicely to stay Cleanliness i give 3 star the room is quite not big the sliding door to bathroom is broken the toilet bowl are open no door we stay ther for 3 days after day the toilet bowl didn't cleaned well..the air-conditioned i don't understand how to operate and is kinda little hot.. convenient WATER PARK, RESTAURANT AND ALL OTHER FACILITY ARE NICE. VERY CLOSE TO LOTTER WORLD AS WELL. I happened to book in this hotel because of a certain package I avail and they choose this hotel. Spacious room, clean and everyday they give you new toiletries. Its a full breakfast but there is no variety. Sausage and pork and beans everyday. Stayed for 3 nights I think will will not eat sausage and pork and beans for days to come. There are lots of restaurant nearby. And a mall at the back. Not crowded but safe neighborhood. The setback are this area is far from tourist spot, shopping area, far from the airport. Lovely View Over The City of Seoul??Fantastic view and path along the mountain Nam.??Landmark choice but excessively expensive!??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??Brilliant Hotel??Good facility??Good??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??Not WOW??Good location and facilities ??Mixed feelings returning to the Grand Hyatt??very good hotel ??Very Good??good location but small room??nice hotel??醫뗭쓬??affordable??Good ??All good??nice??The hotel is located a little out of the way and quite a walk up a steep hill from the train station, but makes up for that with the excellent view over the city and Seoul Tower. I was disappointed that the use of the spa and sauna was not included in the room rate. On our last day the indoor pool was closed for maintenance, so I believe that we should have been offered complimentary use of the spa and sauna. The room was great apart from a small light under the bed which we couldn't turn off. We had to report it twice before we saw that it had been disabled. Staff were helpful with booking tours, providing jogging information and helping with taxi directions. I was rather upset while waiting for the bus on our departure, there was a film being shot at the entrance and several other guests and us kept being told to move to different places with our bags as we were interfering with the filming. Looking a beautiful mountain view when you wake up in the morning is the one of the best thing for using this hotel. Good place for walk along the mountain Nam as well. One disappointing thing was that there was temporarily no buffet in the evening since Coronavirus but we would like to try next time again when this situation is over. Great place but watch your wallet?쫆lso very average breakfast priced at $50 pp is not really worth it A conference hotel with helpful staff; not exceptionally clean like other Grand Hyatt hotels; facilities are ok yet bit aged. Food has much room for improvement. Overall a satisfactory business hotel. A bit out of the way. Brilliant NYE party Thank you for giving me immersive experience Good The hotel itself is excellence and the staffs are helpful. However, the location is far from Itaewon and you have to claim up the hill. It could be difficult to find taxi from Itaewon to the hotel in certain period of time. Room size bit disappointing, waiting for check in til 3 pm is a joke. Bit arrogant and not realy friendly reception desk. BUT : Great gym and good korean food. Im sure much more options for same price in Seoul. The pool is one of the best pool in Korea and their services were also satisfying. We lived in Seoul years ago and had wonderful memories of times spent at the Hyatt. So on a trip to Seoul this week, we stayed there for four nights. The facilities are so beautiful, it is like a resort. But the room was surprisingly tiny but also pretty old-fashioned. Not at all what one would expect of a top-class hotel. And the prices offered at the restaurants and bars are outrageous -- it made me wanting to return back to New York City to experience the "inexpensive" prices of Manhattan compared to the Hyatt of Seoul great hotel but the bathroom are very small and old Muslim areas Good place to stay but room is small and lobby lounge is always busy..cant get good service by them small room but clean and nice place to stay. good place to go Gangnam area Remote Location there are lots of family staying with little kids so very noisy. restaurants are really great Nice Good location, nice service good condition of room Best service that I have ever seen??Budget Room???Business trip??Five star hotel in a not-so-good location??Nice hotel but not nice location ??good !??Weekend at Hyatt??An oasis of calm??Charge for the sauna?!??Nice location with good environment??Good stay??it's grand, it's definitely 5 star but....??Magnificent hotel lobby and view on Seoul city??modern and large hotel??Comfy room, good facilities, good food cllection??easy and nice stay??Great service, but room is small and noisy??Great location, lovely hotel but small rooms??Fancy place??Perfectly situated hotel in Seoul.??Helpful staffs and good attitude!!! I felt as if I got the budget room, is it because I booked on Agoda? I guess you get what you pay for. The room was still expensive, in my mind, and not worth the cost. It was dated, the desk and other furniture was scratched and discolored. The only coffee in the room was instant. The view was great, due to the location of this hotel, there are no bad views. Staff was exceptional, very helpful, and the facilities were great, restaurants were expensive but that's to be expected and there was a ton of choice within walking distance. The shuttle bus to Itaewon and Myeongdong were convenient. Bed was comfortable. Great Location and facilities... The hotel is what you would expect of any Hyatt property. However, rooms were a little too small for my liking. There were also no amenities nearby. A feeder bus had to be taken to reach the shopping area. stylish, friendliness and modern Overall very nice hotel, but the location is not great for exploring seoul NIce Nice The view, the facilities, the rooms. Very nice actually but to be honest we didn't tried the food. The hotel is located in Itaewon wherein there are many bars and restaurants nearby, our thinking is that our 40 ~ 70 dollars per head per meal is way too much. The view, the gardens and pools, the slightly 1970's vibe Take a river view room. Don't take club rooms as decorated with ghastly antiques. The other rooms have a Japanesy 1970's unflashy style. This hotel is a short walk to Itaewon with huge choice of small restaurants and bars. Samsung Leeum museum next door in rather chic residential neighbourhood. view, clean, amenities clean but a small room Location, swimming pool, view It was a great weekend stay with my mom. There's a cute bridge connecting between the hotel and Namsan park. And you also can walk down to Kyungridan road and Itaewon for a dining. Swimming pool is nice and the Han river view from the hotel room is spectacular. Location price ckeanliness exchange rate at the front desk. decent club floor breakfast. professional staffs. it's a good stand alone hotel. with its grandiose lobby bustling with crowds, it may well be a 5 star hotel. and i found their staffs to be very professional, well mannered and proficient in most foreign languages. and among all other hotels i visited in seoul, they offer the most generous foreign exchange rate at the front desk. having said that, i have 2 issues with GH seoul. first, its room sizes. their regular room is really tiny. it may be considered a typical by the korean/japanese/HK standard but still too cramped for me. second, it's location. to me it is inconvenient meaning there aren't any restaurants or stores within the walking distance. if you don't mind taking taxi every time you need to venture out, then forget i said this. but i like to walk around and explore the surrounding neighborhoods of hotel i am staying at. the bottom line is the hotel is good, its location is soso. View, hotel lobby, standing Grand Hyatt Seoul is one of the landmark hotels in the city. Magnificent lobby and view from the rooms, it is clearly a high class standing venue. However I was a bit disappointed by the room. Decoration is getting old and the bathroom is really small and old for that price range and standards. Bath tub is too small to lie down and the room decoration is not relazxing at all. Honestly the bedroom and bathroom are similar to what you can find in a cheaper hotel such as Novotel. The bed quality however was fantastic. friendly staff, large rooms Having previously been in a local traditional guest house, at the time the Hyatt seemed a welcome change and by all accounts total luxury. With hindsight the best thing about the hotel was the friendly staff who would go out of their way to help you. The rooms are big and the beds comfy (if not a little hard), the design whilst being clean and modern lacks some soul but that's sort of to be expected. The point we were incredibly disappointed in was attempting to access the JJ's bar in the hotel, being told minimum spend on a $200 bottle of champagne and being forced out as soon as we finished our drinks. Not quite the service you expect as a gold member of their hotel and paying resident... Comfy room, good facilities, good food cllection Booked the room for business trip. While the room is comfy and spacious as expected. As a 5-star hotel, it has all the facilities that you need. Staff communication stills are improving over time. clean, good service, good food great service As a 5 stars hotel, they provided excellent services but the room is too small and noisy. The location of the hotel is not in town centre, but luckily they provide free shuttle bus service (although we chose to take taxi all the time when we stay there). clean, good food close to selling points The hotel fecility is great, location, clean and good services. rooms are small and can hear other rooms movement and sounds. It was clean and the staff was wonderful We had a lovely stay. It was a spur of the moment luxury weekend and we had a wonderful stay. The room service was fabulous. All of the food was delicious. The only issue we encountered was at the gym,other than that it fine. Well appointed and excellent service. We stayed over Lunar New Year and found the hotel and staff to be excellent. Nothing was too much bother and the staff were friendly and helpful. The food in the various restaurants was very good and the atmosphere in the bars equally as good. Rooms are well appointed with either views over the Namsan tower or ove seoul itself. Meh...??Easy access to Gangnam??Average ??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??醫뗭쓬??醫뗭쓬??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??House keeping need improvement ??The place is ok ??Stay at Shilla Hotel??Good hotel??Good hotel ??Nice and clean hotel??Nice chic hotel??Ice machine??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??Good with some walking to metro??Heard good things. First time.??clean hotel in a good location??Forgettable experience??I was disappointed. I know it is a chain for Hotel Shilla, thought this place would be as nice. The rooms were very tiny, but amenities were good. In the future, I'd stay at this business hotel for the value of money. This location was a bit of walk from metro stations. Not great surrounding facilities but great access to Gangnam, Express Bus Terminal Is a bit far from subway (because winter) great value Staff needs more training. Very unhelpful. The towels were shabby. Other facilities were fine. Location was a 10-15 mins walk from Gangnam station. Otherwise, was a rather pleasant stay. Front desk staff was very understand and accommodating too. Went to Seoul to attend a wedding, this hotel was recommended by the bride so quite a few of us stayed there. Great value for the room, clean contemporary decor. Location is good, nice coffee shop and 24 hours restaurants across the street. We were very unhappy with the bath towels, stayed 4 nights 3 days we got dirty bath towels. One day house keeping forgot to replace hand towels. We asked an inexperienced staff to help us book taxi to airport, she was unable to tell us the price which should be flat rate. The senior staff did not attempt to help, we end up booking with another source. The hotel location is great. It's easy access to public transportation. This hotel offers a good breakfast. A hotel room is small and doesn't have enough sitting area. The hotel was open in 2017 but the overall cleanliness is questionable. Shower towels and shower gown were discolored. Bathroom tiles and tube didn't get properly cleaned. Piled dust found under desk floor. Bed sheets had unpleasant odor. My colleagues and I stayed at the hotel as we were attending a conference.We had a pleasant stay.The rooms were clean.However, the twin room was much smaller than reflected in the webpage.Location and transport was good. The room is clean and tidy. The only disadvantage is the location where it is not near subway and 10 ~15 mins walk distance is needed. There is no convenient store nearby. Staff is professional and overall it is a hotel which highly recommend. Cleanliness and tidiness is satisfactory to me. Though the walk distance to subway is a little bit far I.e. 10 ~15 mins walk, It is a nice brand hotel with professional services. Double room is spacious. The only disadvantage is no 711 or GS25 convenient shops nearby. Location is very close to Gangnan station. Workers' attitude is not so kind and I think they need some service education. I will not recommend to have breakfast at the hotel because price is not cheaf but not delicious. Thx Is an nice and located at an quite corner off gangnam, but if you wanna walk to gangnam area you got to walk about 15mins or more. It's also located between 2 different subway line but both you need to walk about 10mins or more to reach. This the really bad points unless you drive. Had to get ice from the restaurant in a plastic bag. Loaner phone was very convenient and handy for us especially transit pass which we can pay at check out. amenities in the room were so good Decent 4 star hotel. In between 2 metro stations (10-15min walk to Gangnam station; 5-10min walk to Yangjae station) but near to airport bus stop. If arriving by taxi, please provide address as the hotel is relatively new and the taxi will enter from the back of hotel. Had a free rental phone with free internet and free international calls to bring out with me during my stay which was supposedly a newly launched service in Nov. House keeping can be improved as some items were not topped up. Fridge in very small without freezer compartment. A lot of eateries around the hotel. There's a nice pork rib/bone soup next to the hotel that is 24 hours but with only Korean menu. Got a great price, don't think it's normally this cheap (below HKD1000). Rooms on the smaller side but really clean. Most hotels are kind of dusty and stuffy but this one was not. Didn't let me check in early though. No pressure on check out which is good because I sleep in alot. clean hotel in a good location. staff spoke English which was helpful. Room was a bit small but enough for two people in the room. air conditioning was cold enough in the summer. beds were comfortable with the right amount of support This hotel had its grand opening on 1 April 2017. So when booked it in March, there were no reviews to check out. So I booked it on good faith since Shilla Stay is well known. I checked in on 5 April, expecting some excitement from new hotel opening. The hotel itself was fine. Neat, modern and clean. The body towels in the room were flaky, leaving bits on my hair and body. Possible because it's still new? No complimentary welcome drink or breakfast in conjunction with the grand opening. Not even a single chocolate piece. All this could be forgiven if at least the service was friendly. However the staff at reception were quite a let down. No smiles during check in or check out. No smiles when we asked for an umbrella and directions for airport bus. Maybe they were not pleased to speak English. Also, they could hv been more specific and mentioned that the airport bus stop is actually in the middle of the road. convenient but not friendly??Nice Stay??Very good location but small rooms??Typical business hotel, nothing more or less??Good location, questionable cleanliness??Insadong's Treasure??Good location??Average good. ??Not 4-star quality??Clean business hotel??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??Loud noise??Okay for the price ??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??Great Location for solo travellers??Convenient ??Great hotel but too warm??No air conditioning option??Good??RE: INDUSTRIAL FEEL??We booked the hotel for its location, and it was convenient to get around, but the nights we stayed had major demonstrations overnight so you can expect some noise during your stay. When we checked in, the staff made a mistake of giving us the wrong room (twin instead of double) although it was our honeymoon, and when I asked them to correct it, they did not apologize for misleading me (for the first night they said that there was no double) nor did they help with the room move. They instead gave me attitude and did not apologize. I tried to connect to the front desk to ask about something and nobody picked up the phone, and they tried to charge me for using the phone. The space was small but clean. I knocked off some stars due to staff unfriendliness. I've stayed at Shilla Stay a few times, and while the location is great and it's clean, it's now become more of a budget hotel from which to explore the city. This is my third time of staying at this hotel. Since Shilla manages this hotel, overally the value is great. I still think the rooms are way too small. The staffs are super friendly and helpful. Enjoyed the breakfast buffet as well. It's a typical business hotel. A/c is not in a good condition. When I entered a room, it was too hot and at night it was too cold even the a/c was off. It's hard to control the temperature in the room. Great location and staff, but towels never seemed clean and were musty for our four days. this hotel is a stones throw away from key sites in Korea. everything is within walking distance and the underground is very near. a real gem of a location. We stayed at Shilla Stay Gwanghwamun one night prior to an early morning appointment at the US Embassy. The hotel is perfectly situated, we walked less than 10 minutes to the Embassy. The hotel has it's own parking, free for guests, and the check-out time wasn't until 12 noon so we had plenty of time to take care of our business and get breakfast. We booked a family room which was quite small for three people but not bad for just one night. The only real complaint was that the room was very dusty, not just on the floor but on the furnishings as well. It might just have been a fluke as the rest of the hotel areas seemed clean and tidy. Could be better if the room has more space and mirror. For business traveller, the location is good. Coffee shop and convenience store are around the building. Restaurants are walking distance. The breakfast buffet was okay, but would need some waiting time during peak hours in the morning. Food selection is low. Pros: convenient location, Shilla brand, quiet, nice neighborhood, early check-in, helpful staff, city view, bathtub, pretty good lunch buffet, comfy beds Cons: semi-dirty walls, dusty curtains, worn-out and disappointing towels, small and very basic room, no minibar, could've been on higher floor Overall, we were expecting more from this place given the brand. We got a deal but have stayed at better places in Seoul for similar prices. It's OK overall but unfortunately, we aren't sure we'll book here again. Location is center of Seoul Excellent location I kept waking up from the noise that sounded like doors/furniture. Not good for sleeping. Room was small but adequate for a short stay. The issue we had was that heating was central so we couldn?셳 adjust the temperature of the room even when it got very stuffy. The only option was to open the small window and switch off the heating but it was still very warm. Otherwise location is good, walking distance to most of the nearby areas of interest. Excellent location, near several metro stations. Most places of interest are 2-3 stations away. Travelling made easy. Close to all the traditional markets as well as the royal palace. The room itself was an average business-hotel-like type. The breakfast was terrific compared to other similar-cost hotels. This hotel is located within the ?쁟bd??area with high rise office buildings. We checked our luggages in at front desk 2 days prior to check in as we were going to the ski resorts. When we return to check into hotel I was told there?셲 no bellboy nor service to help bring luggages up. But I told them I am alone with a child and 3 luggages and sled and I needed help so one of the lady was kind enough to help me get a small trolley and push up for me. Thank u! The location is near to Jonggak and Gwanghwamun train station within 3-5 minutes walk which is very convenient! But when we return to hotel at night it is very quiet as it is after office hours. Lots of 24 hours mini marts around. Lots of choices of restaurants and also mos burger, Starbucks and Burger King nearby. Walking distance to Gwanghwamun Square, palace, Insa-dong. We don?셳 see any hotel staff day in and day out as concierge desk is on level 8 and unless we go to that level. Housekeeping is good and cleans up well. And well mannered as we greet each other along the doorway. Toiletries are replaced daily. Please note that *Towels are yellowish and smells of chemical. Last day I was disappointed as I had lots of baggage and luggage and no one offered help seeing I was alone and even asked me to return the trolley to level 8 after loading my 4 baggage, 2 luggage and kid luggage. And there were no hotel guests around the concierge and 3 front desk officers there. Beautiful design and location. Walking distance to two train stations and plenty of food around. Cleanliness is not great. Wifi is stable and fast. Staff get the job done but look like they rather be somewhere else. They only speak the necessary. Facilities are sufficient. I like my rooms too warm rather than too cold so this is good for me. But I'd say this is uncomfortably warm for most people, even in summer right now when they have all the airconditioning on. The room was very small. It was very warm in the room and was told by the front desk that the air conditioner cannot be used, only the fan. Even opening all the windows all day and night did not make us any cooler. Location was good. Breakfast was okay but there was a little variety of food. The room was a little small. Anyway,They didnt bring a complimented in bathroom for the next day. ATTENTIVE STAFF nice location??Mostly good??great location. nice room.??Comfortable ??留ㅼ슦 醫뗭쓬??good location??Comfortable and well located??Decent stay??Decent Business Hotel with superb location??醫뗭쓬??移쒓뎄?묅?Ideal location??Comfortable staying??Great??Convenient location??Nice hotel. Not perfect but good??Good??Great Bargain If You Can Stand the Stench??Pleasant Stay??Nice Hotel??just simple hotel.. (more like business hotel) Overall it was a nice stay. I stayed more than a week. The only problem we had was with house keeping: the couch was not disinfected, so I had a skin reaction possibly from it. It could use a good steam cleaning. After, they put a bedsheet to cover the couch. The other thing we didn?셳 really like was that toiletries were not replaced daily. great location. nice room. We stayed at a Airbnb initially, the standards was very low. We requested a refund. We wanted to stay at the same location where it was 10 min walking distance to mydeongong, and found the Shilla stay hotel was close by. The images on the website matches the standards exactly. It was 5 mins walking distance to the gyeongbok palace. Being a 4 star hotel it was luxuries and clean! If I were to come back to Korea I would stay here again. Room was a bit small but otherwise comfortable. Great location--close to Insa-dong, palaces, Jogeysa temple. one of favorite accommodations in central Seoul for short stay. Parking is spacious, but the entrance is a bit tricky to find for the first comer -- they can put a larger sign on the street. Getting out from the parking lot can take some time during lunch time as there are many office people walking around the street. Room is faciliated with the standard ShillaStay style. The room was small, but well appointed , attractive, and comfortable. Breakfast was good, although neither coffee machine worked the first day. Staff was generally helpful. Only probelm: the whole hotel was very hot, and there was no way to get it cooler--they turn on the heat when the calendar tells them it is winter, no matter how warm it is outside. There was also a snafu with a charge for a meal that led to several follow-up email exchanges. Location is very good. A few minutes walk to Gwanghwamun and Jonggak station. There are plenty of eateries nearby, from korean bbq to western fastfood and coffee shops. Service from staffs : not friendly when checking in. But the reception girl is very nice and polite when i check out. and the housing keep ladies are really polite Room is OK. but the table from my rooms are broken and nothing they can do. They only provide in room dining from 1800-2230 The location is superb, only 5 minutes walk from the Jonggak Subway station. Further, the major tourist area "Insadong" is nearby. You will find a lot of restaurants around the hotel. In addition, the room is clean and with decent size (as the standard of business hotel). And the staff is having good command of English and they are really responsive and efficient. As the business traveller, I would highly recommend for this hotel. For the family tourist, the room size is too little and the major shopping area is not close. Con: no baby cod provided Stayed a night here with friends. Staff are accommodated well but room is just okay not super clean not spacious. Quiet area of Gwanghwamun and Insadong. It's a very cozy and comfortable staying in Shills Stay. The bed is so comfortable and room is good enough for two. The location is right in the middle of The Palace and Insadong . Both are in walking distance ard 15 -20 mins. There are quite a lot restaurants nearby and a the Food street. There are two subway stations nearby, and only take 5-10 to reach the exit. Overall, I'm quite satisfied with my staying here. I like it a lot. Convenient location near train station and close to major attractions. We enjoyed our stay. The rooms were nice, everything very modern, good view from the room, good shower, TV, etc. all worked well. The gym is small but handy. We had a couple of towels which were dirty and there was some dust around the room which was a bit disappointing. The breakfast seemed a bit expensive so we ate elsewhere. Good location for exploring central Seoul - palaces etc. It's located between two subway lines which is good, although a few minutes walk from each. Good This is a really great hotel that would get 4 stars if it were not for the horrible sewage stench unique to some places (even cafes) in Seoul. The price was very reasonable for the clean and well-kept room. The location is very convenient - walking distance from major sights in the city such as Gwanghwamun Plaza, the old palace, the President's House itself, Insadong, etc. The hotel is also fairly quiet. Sounds from upstairs can sometimes be loud though. Hallway noise is reasonably audible. There are many great places to eat around the area as well and a ton of cafes nearby. There is no reason to even get a breakfast buffet option at the hotel as you have many options right outside. The major downgrader for this hotel is the stench from the bathroom. The sewage stench was so unbearable that I could not spend much time in the bathroom and I had to keep the bathroom door shut. I once left my room without closing the bathroom door and my whole room smelled like a sewer. Near to nice authentic eateries Upgraded the room after my initial room was very small and felt claustrophobic. Had all the facilities needed.
Excellent location with free shuttle service and clean spacious rooms. ” Spacious room ” Tries Hard, But some Bumps” Comfortable Stay in Seoul” Quite a nice place to stay in” New renovated building in the middle of downtown ” 매우 좋음” Clean Cozy Nice hotel” The hotel staff is very friendly, room is clean but a bit small for 5 of us. The breakfast menu can.” Eat and shop” Convenient ” Clean and good location ” Value for money, convenient” 매우 좋음” Good location, free shuttle bus, easy for transportation to airport” 매우 좋음” Early check in at 2pm” Great staff service” 매우 좋음” The location of hotel PJ was good, clean place, was a bit hard to find when we came down from the bus. We used the back door of the hotel. But once you know your location, you’ll find its a convenient place. We especially liked the shuttle to and from the different places around Seoul. , it saved us a lot of time and transport money. The staff were very accommodating when we asked questions and how to get to places and when we asked for our our friend to check out for us. They cleaned our room every single day and replenished our toiletries and fixed the beddings. The rooms were very secure with key cards for the Levantine and double room doors. There was heated toilet seat, the tv showed some English channels, we also loved the balcony and had breakfast there every morning. They also gave us enough coffee and tea, the hot and cold water dispenser outside our room also came in handy with the ice dispenser too. It was over all a very good experience with a hotel PJ, I recommend it. Pros: Excellent location with small affordable restaurants that opens early until very late in the evening. Free shuttle service to nearby areas though we haven’t availed to such services. Maybe next time. Clean rooms with breakfast. Fast check-out processing— only took 30 seconds! Surely we will come back next time. Cons: They should be observant during the breakfast food service. During our stay, we saw spoiled sliced salmon with the fruits. The whole section smells. It took them 30 minutes to refill the bacon strips when they only have two choices: chicken sausage and bacon. They didn’t refill the yogurt. I do hope they have a small indoor swimming pool to relax after a tiring day. They should offer tour services/ car services for guests’ convenience and added income for the hotel. But anyway, it’s super clean so a little discomfort is nothing compared to our pleasant stay. We r a family of 4 with teenager & younger child, we booked a triple beds room, it is spacious. When I booked this room, I was wrongly picked the 3 single beds room instead of a double bed and 1 single bed, I called the hotel for the amendment right after the booking. However, the staff said our request will be marked down. When I check in the hotel early in the morning, I repeated my request and the staff said as check in time is yet to start, she asked me to raise my request at/after 2pm. When we come back at around 9pm for check in, another staff told me request was just a request, not meaning that it could be made. Of course I understood but what they asked me to raise my request over the phone or early check in didn’t clearly stated that. I m a bit disappointed with their reply, I’d simply accepted if they told me all the room were full rather than the statement of “request was just a request” 😓 The hotel tries hard to be good, something I give credit for. The staff is very nice, efficient, and capable. Everyone we met was friendly and happy to greet & help us. The hotel itself was a bit less than I expected. The room was a bit small (there was less than a foot between the bed and the wall partition at the foot), and the air conditioning didn't cool it well enough. Opening the windows was nice until noise woke us up at night. Location wise, it was pretty good - about a 15 minute walk to the Myeong-dong night market. Otherwise, nothing really of note. I stayed for 4 nights with 2 young children at Hotel PJ and really enjoyed it. It was a bit further from the main Myeong Dong area than I would've liked, but I liked the close vicinity to GwangJang Market. There's a convenience store, Pizza Hut, and cafe downstairs. Breakfast package was extremely convenient as many places open later in the day. Selection is smaller on weekday vs weekend but was sufficient to hold us over until lunch. I liked that our room had a separate shower from the main bathroom so we can wash up simultaneously. Location was somewhere in the midde of 2 train stops so you probably need to walk quite a bit if you are taking the train. There are many restaurants nearby frequented by the locals towards the direction of chungmuro. Shuttle bus was nice. Room size was adequate. To get to the hotel, exit from exit 8 of chungmuro station and take the stairs up. On the first street, turn left to the little street with all the little local restaurants and walk down all the way. Cross the road and on the right you would see PJ hotel main door. It was a real nice looking hotel with new renovated hotel to stay, didn’t expect would be that good. But however i hated the step when to enter the bathroom, made me stumbled due to the dark colour and quite high gap with the room floor. And last, was trying to be nice with the staff and asked some questions but the response I got wasn’t really a friendly and warm response. Quite disappointed for 4 star hotel rated actually. I decided to go for this hotel as the rate was reasonable but never did i expect that during my stay, there is no aircon in my room from 22nd Feb to 28th Feb. Reason given was thr whole building aircon is down. They asked me if i do need a fan, i can borrow or i can open the room window. I do think is kind of absurd. Or maybe i should not travel in winter season. We like it, the room is clean and spacious It is quite near to the public transport but might not be that friendly distance if it is in Winter session. Overall, thumb up! Shuttle bus help us a lot when go for shopping or sight seeing. Breakfast not many choices. Very central location in the heart of Busan. Close to a lot of restaurants, markets and abundant food stalls. The hotel was difficult to locate initially but once you find it, you won’t forget. Great location for shopping. Close distance to train station, and buses. Room is quite dusty, crossing over the road to the hotel might take a toll, heater wasn’t working but since it was winter, opening/closing the windows helps. However, the hotel is very convenient with free shuttle bus that operates from morning till night time to nearby attractions. Subway stations are near as well. There’s a bread store, cafe and convenience store at lower level which makes it very accommodating to stock up snacks and necessities whenever you leave for the day or done for the day! Lockers are available to store ur baggages for free up to 12 hours. Hence, if you’re too early for check in, or your flight’s at night for check out, simply store them in the provided locker for free. Recommended for convenience wise 👍🏻 Close to 3 subway stations and largest shopping areas in Seoul. Facility is clean and all staff speak English well. The rooms are big and clean and they had a shuttle bus that goes to key tourist places. We had an issue with the air condition in the room but it cannot be resolved. The room was almost like a sauna but they could only offer a fan as they said that the air conditioner is central and they cannot do anything about it. Other than having to sweat it out at night, everything else was good. Family room was big enough with two separate toilets - a shower and the other with tub & toilet bowl. Breakfast was both western and korean, spread was good. Check in/out quick but they strict on chk in @2pm. Close by train station Good breakfast, clean hotel and very luxurious in acceptable price Good location, about 7 mins walk from Chungmuro Station. Hotel shuttle bus was a plus point but I wished they offer night shuttle service to/from Myeongdong too. Room was spacious, as shown in the hotel website. However, inconsistencies were observed in the daily housekeeping. For example: hair on floor sometimes not cleared, carpet not vacuumed (there were visible dust), bed sheet not changed despite leaving the card to change (my strand of hair was left on the same spot). Replenishment of toiletries was inconsistent too (For example: cotton pad and sanitary bag not topped up all the days of my 6 nights there) I like the early check in at 2pm. Very good stay in this hotel. This is the 2nd time I've stayed in this hotel and always recommend this hotel to my friends. The location is far if you take the JR line but if you take the subway metro its few walks away from the nearest station. City center and we walked to kanda and asakusa. Except for the duty male receptionist at the lobby who showed no patience and interest, and was not helpful enough about our queries on our stay and how to get around, our stay at the hotel was good. Good location and facilities ” Nice hotel with affordable price” Room is clean and shuttle bus service till late night is a bonus ” Good stay” Nice hotel” 매우 좋음” Fantastic location” Spacious room and good and cleaness Lobby. Shuttle bus going to myendong and doadamen are value add” Not convenient but accessible ” Location is between Dongdaemun and Myeongdong, hotel provides shuttle bus to shopping streets.” Very good” 매우 좋음” Comfortable stay” Recommended for holiday goers” 매우 좋음” The room is big and comfortable!” nice hotel” 매우 좋음” Good price nut locate midway between Myeongdong and Dongdaemun” Subway station” Staffs can improve the services, one of the guy in the front desk speaks good english and very helpful but the ladies are not. She gave wrong instruction when i ask about the shuttle bus from myeondong. She asked me to follow the schedule in the room key card which is quite misleading. Should follow the time schedule inside the bus. The cleaning staff forgot to replace our towels, we need to call to ask for the towels. They provide refill water machine and I like the security system inside the hotel where certain floor only for ladies and you can’t access without hotel card. If you are taking airport bus, it is quite a distance to walk to the hotel and you have to pass the small alley to cross the road. There are nice restaurants in the alley before u cross the road. We eat there few times during our 6 days stay. Location is strategic bur quiet. Hotel facilities including shuttle bus are more than expected. Good breakfast. Walk-able to Myongdong Gyonbokug, Tondemun. Only issue is the pillows too thin & soft... Staff is pleasant. Just need to improve the English standard of Check in counter. Overall, very good stay in this hotel. Nice hotel with spacious room. The breakfast is good tho not many choices is available. The rooms are big and clean. Staff are great. Nearby we can walk along the aisle where we would find lovely local shops. Convenient location! A bit quiet at mid night srounding hotel, but you don't feel unsafty . Located near Chungmuro station but u need to walk an alley. So it’s about 1 stop from Myeongdong. However, the shuttle service is convenient and great and drops u off at the major places that you want to go. Do check it out Cleanliness is not too well done , bathroom a bit running down . Overall is cozy and comfortable . Good for business travel. Room is small. Worth for the price. clean room but the air-conditioner not working x front desk said no air condition on march? also the heater not working x it need to improve Good security. Comfortable beds and pillows. Shuttle bus is a plus. Free shuttle bus provided by hotel and 5 mins walk to subway. Staff are polite and able to converse in proper English. Rooms are spacious and reasonably clean. The one minus point is that the rooms are very stuffy and warm. Hotel switch off the centralise aircon system because weather was supposed to be cold, but opening the tiny little windows do not cool down the room. Room is clean, friendly staff I like this hotel because the room is really big and the bed is very comfortable! Especially, I like the small area when table and seats! However, the location is not convenient enough and the nearby area are all under construction and old. PJ Myeong Dong hotel is nice, clean and We walked about 15 mins to Myeong dong Cathedral and market. We heard some noisy construction on next building at 4 am until night, a lady yelled to someone on next room. Location is 5 mins walk from Chungmu-ro station.. not very near to myeondong or dongdaemun however has shuttle drop off so it was alright. Room is spacious. Room rate is quite competitive. Far away from Myeongdong shopping street. Nearest two metro stations just 100m away. Breakfast is not bad, food and venue is good. Staff who wearing black suit always forget how to smile Bathroom design is aweful.. 24 hours nonstop construction site just 3meter behind. Quite a walking distance away from subway station exit but it has many restaurants along the way. 좋음” The room is big and cozy! ” a few reception staffs never greet . not the best reception for its 4 star hotel” Used to have good service” 매우 좋음” Pleasant n enjoyable stay” Good choice” not so great reception staff ( a guy )” construction next to hotel very noisy,they start work at 5 am 😱😱😱” Old facilities” It was an okay staycation! ” Travel with mother ” 좋음” Modern hotel” Enjoyable stay” Good stay” Economy” 매우 좋음” Great Location” Not the best hotel out there” Clean and spacious room, some staff served you not knowing how to smile except the one welcome me on my arrival. Perhaps he found some one from where he studied overseas in the past. However the chambermaids knew how to smile and very polite. I like this hotel because the room is big and with a small area with table and seats for resting. I really enjoy the time staying in this hotel. They provide free shuttle bus although the hotel location is not so convenient. overall was good but the reception guy staffs were not that great. room size is acceptable . This hotel has been our choice whenever we go Seoul. We always enjoy the good shuttle bus service. But unfortunately this visit the on duty staff is not friendly and unable to meet the expectation. Frequent free shuttle from hotel to places of interest is a big advantage Overall was a good stay.Spacious room n friendly helpful staff at the front desk n conceige. Will definitely stay here again . PJ is the standard hotel my family had been using for the past few years. Never disappoint and I can see upgrades being done since our last stay in 2017. overal was good. could have been better with better staffs We stay 7 days and the breakfast every day same food😰😰 Pros: Relatively cheap, 2 station to DongDaeMun. 3 Stations to MyeonDong. Cons: Quite old facilities, not very close to Subway. I mean it was kind of crowded despite COVID but it still was good! The shuttle bus services is much more convenient as alternative taking subway. Next to Hotel, there is construntion building site. Noise from early morning. Other than Noise, mostly statisfied Modern, big room and toilet Overall was a good stay.Will definitely stay here again. Nice hotel , spacious room.Overall was enjoyable Worth to stay Hotel room is value for money. Staff not really fluent in English. Some of the street shops staff English are way better than them. Front desk not helpful and not flexible. Near two Subway station, easy to go anywhere. Also, near the bus stop to airport. Honestly the 1st room they assigned us was not good at all, aircon doesn't work during autumn season and the heater doesn't help. Thankfully we managed to change to another room with balcony and was able to get fresh air from outside which cools the room. Overall was alright, some staff were nice some not so, will not stay there if I visit seoul again 가성비 와 조식이 중요 했던 호텔” 가성비 와 조식이 중요 했던 호텔” good” 매우 좋음” Decent 4 Star Hotel” Great hotel, but lacks in some areas.” 매우 좋음” Good location .clean .big room.shuttle bus” good” Nice hotel” room is big” Location not really convenient. ” 매우 좋음” Value for money” Expensive but shutter bus service is worth ” Overall OK” 매우 좋음” no Wifi connection in room, wifi from check in counter” average(6,5 of 10 )” Great Stay and good location” I booked this hotel for 4 nights 9 rooms for my group. And two more rooms for 2 nights. I loved everything about this hotel. Room was fantastic, location was great as well as staff who worked in counter during the evening was very kind as well as parking area security guard. If I have to come back to Korea, I would defiantly like to stay there. How ever I must say this before I close my commit. When I was checking everyone in to hotel first night, I asked front desk person about group meeting area in this hotel. Hotel clerk showed me a lounge area. Only accessible with room key. I also asked if there was other room. He replied, group of 20 would be better to use lounge. So I took his word for it. Saturday late afternoon October,15th, we rearranged the room to fit our need. As we were sharing our testimonials, (our journey to motherland experiences in Korea) one man in a suit came in and told me that we are making too much noise. We didn't realized that this room did not have wall between room and and the lobby. I apologize and we kept our noise down rest of the meeting. (we video taped) About an 30 minutes later, one of surprise guest joined in and few people got excited for short time, but right away I told them we need to keeping our noise down. All of us followed the instruction. We returned chairs back to exact location as well as clean the tables. I walk out to thank our special guest for coming and walk back to the hotel, same man who told me to keep noise down, literally yelled at me. (다시는 이호텔에서 그방을 쓰지말라면서 본인이 우리가 씨끄럽게 하는 것을 직접 다 들었다면서 다시는 로비 방을 쓰지 못한다고 했습니다. ) Saying we must never to use lobby room again. He heard us making too much noise and people outside was not able to use their phone. At first I was shocked by hotel staff yelling at the hotel guest, which was me. So I asked him what noise? He scream again saying "I heard it!" repeating again again. At than time I Yell back at him say we video taped and I booked this hotel for my group traveling from U.S. Our group of 18people needed 4 night stay and one mother and daughter team needed just one night stay. They really like the room and cleanness. good Overall satisfied with our 6 nights stay in Hotel PJ. It is not very near to myeongdong shopping area but walkable distance to 3 different Subway stations. However, there is an ongoing construction work opposite which was very noisy early in the morning, nightand even on weekends. So it kind of disturbed our rest. Aircon has some issue too, it went up to 26-27 degree Celsius which was very warm and stuffy! Decent hotel with free breakfast and good amenities. Initially we had a double bedroom, but there was some weird smell in the toilet and they upgraded us to the Premier Double bedroom. Overall a smooth stay and quite accessible to the 3 subway stations that are nearby. About a 20 minute walk to Myeongdong. This is hotel that I would rate somewhere between good and great. The good sides are: clean and spacious rooms, good location, has a cafe and a convenience store below, professional staff, and is fairly quiet. However the downsides are: room variety, closed facilities, and a semi-unprofessional attitude of the staff (even though I just mentioned them being professional. More on this later). Room variety puzzled me the most. One standard room might have the newest AC unit and the standard wood flooring while another standard room might have carpeting and some 90s wall AC units that only American motels use. Some bathrooms might be wide while some may be small. I'm not sure why still did not renovate the older rooms. As of October 2022, facilities like the meeting room and the gym are still closed. They've been closed since the pandemic but I don't know why they continue to advertise their facilities as if they are open. The competency of the staff is somewhat....meh. Despite their staff being able to speak English, I still could not understand them. Also, they are somewhat unwilling to change your room without a serious reason. I thought hotels were obligated to change your room if you request it, but this one seems to need a good reason to change it. Despite the downsides, I think I would still come back to this hotel. I just have to make sure to get a good room so that I won't have to deal with issues that I mentioned above. Not bad Good good The location is little bit far from shopping area, but it is good that there is free shuttle bus. At nighttime, a cab is needed instead. The room is big with balcony. The cleanliness is ok but can have room to improve. The breakfast is ok, not with many choices and nearly everyday is the same but im still happy with it. The staff is nice. It is a good choice when you go eith eldery and kids. shuttle bus is provided, room is big Location quite inconvenience, not easily found and move around as the hotel is "hidden" in an alley. There are many food shops nearby, but not bright and happening enough so not feeling safe to be out at late night. Didn't manage to move around in day time as we had booked tours for those days. Expensive dining Good and clean hotel, with free shuttle bus to tourist areas Friendly staff, location is ok But bus service was great and worth to stay here for 4 days. The area going to the hotel from the station was not very nice looking, but pretty much safe. The room was VERY spacious. The free shuttle bus service was great and the staff were courteous. However the aircon in our room was hot and we could not change the temperature. And the drain in our bathroom was a bit clogged, so the water usually overflowed. Overall, we had a pretty good stay in this hotel. spacious room. breakfast buffet always the same everyday no other choices . near train station and convenient store was disappointed with the wifi. i thought i could have wifi to call my family but it was a disappointment the benefit i feel when stay there: 1.the room big(i book family type) 2.there is shuttle to few place the thing dissapotinted me: 1.i stay 7 day there in row.breakfast same from 1 day till the last day 2.the staff of reception not too friendly. 3.funny thing i ask extra pillow they just give me 2.when i ask again threy said only 2 max can be borrow.(hello???i travel arround the world no hotel limit this thing) The hotel location is very near 2 subway station (Chungmuro exit 8) and Euljiro 3(Sam)-ga(exit 3) cleanliness. About 3-4 mins walk. The hotel shuttle bus is also a big plus for us as it takes us to some shopping districts. The room size is also big which is very important for us. Overall this is a wonderful stay value for money! Hotel provides shuttle bus to shopping areas. Only drawback is the toilet. ” clean” Near public transportation but away from shopping crowd of Myeongdong” 매우 좋음” Great Stay” Good hotel, good location and good serviced” 매우 좋음” excellent” quite convinience.they also have shuttle to myeongdong” Good price ” Friendly housekeeping ladies” Nice hotel ” Nice hotel ” Comfortable hotel” 1st Timer in Seoul Korea.” Good Stay” The Quad Room is huge” Value for Money” Good shuttle service” 매우 좋음” Toilet shower area is in the tub and so the floor floods if you are not careful while showering. clean It is near 2 different subway stations and near to an airport bus stop. The location provides good access to public transportation. The surrounding area is quite interesting - not touristy at all with print shops, stationery shops and local restaurants. It allows you to see how the city and the people really are, but it is not too far away from the shopping scene at Myeongdong. The hotel provides free shuttle throughout the day and a shuttle that runs into early morning. Breakfast selection is good. Onsite 12-hour free lockers are provided. Especially for those who take the red-eye flight out of Seoul, it is a very good service. During the peak holidays period, the PJ shuttle is crowded and most of the time I have to push my luggage to the Chungmuro to catch the airport bus. Hence, with this inconvenience, my friends and I may have to consider holidays that are near the bus stop with airport bus. I would appreciate if PJ can consider providing bus services to the airport.. Thank you. Staff were friendly, hotel was clean and nice, shuttle bus service is very convenient, and loved the convenience of having the water dispenser outside of the hotel rooms. Hotel breakfast was nice too. Highly recommended and would love to be back here again! The hotel has shuttle bus to several areas around. Services and hospitallity are excellent except the person at egg corner.. she had bad expression. Nice hotel with friendly staffs. For those who are taking Airport Bus, would recommend to alight at Best Western Kukdo hotel for shorter and more convenient walking distance to the hotel. very convinience to go to everywhere.near air limo bus stop.near metro big room.have shuttle bus.near eateries Good price and have shuttle bus and big room pleasant experince Provide free shuttle bus to a few tourists attractions . Convenience store just below the hotel . Nice local restaurants nearby . Free shuttle bus , a lot of restaurants and cafe nearby . I like this hotel but they got rid of the cool pod style coffee. Very comfortable and near to Chungmuro, Euljiro 3 and 4 station. Would stay here again. good hotel.. cant say much.. wish it was in a slightly better location but for the price, its a nice hotel.. bus service also great! 5 mins walk to Chungmu-ro station, 10 mins walk to Eulji-ro station, good breakfast, room space is good for a family with kids. Shuttle bus service is convenience to some sightseeing points. Overall is good. stayed there for 4 nights in total. reserved a quad room & the size is spacious, comes along with a separate toilet & bathroom (fitted with bathtub). location is not at central Myeongdong but there are shuttle buses from hotel that ferries you around the nearby area. there are also 2 metro stations within walking distances. overall I would say its good. however, I think having to charge 15000won, the breakfast should have more options. Love the hotel shuttle service, buffet breakfast can be improved in terms of variety ie same spread for 6 consecutive days, exactly same selection throughout the entire week. Pro - shuttle service Con - old and grey neighbourhood The shuttle is always full. Hopefully during the peak season, there will be more shuttle services or have a bigger shuttle bus. Thsnk you. 좋음” great” Good place” Good location and facility!My first choice!” 좋음” This hotel is very convenient, nice to stay and comfortable!” Overall it is a good place to stay ” Good shuttle bus to go around” Great choice within its price” Room big ” Nice reception and concierge staff, spacious room” Good hotel ” Our room has a balcony and a nice view. ” 매우 좋음” So Far So Good ” Good location ” Average” 매우 좋음” Value for money” 가송비 good” Yes room is clean. Location very convenient.Environment is good except staffs are not flexible in providing a little extras like a little birthday surprise for a young kid whose celebrating his birthday . No early check in and late check out entertain us. good hotel and worth it Good location and friendly staffs. My second time staying in PJ HOTEL.Small eateries around hotel and free shuttle bus services to most of the tourist spot. There were a number of restaurants opened until late night. Hotel locations was quite convenient and easy to find. Cleaning aunties were very friendly and every time we walked out of the room, they would greet us warmly. There is water dispenser at our level and it was really convenient. Hotel was clean and room space was enough for our luggage. Breakfast at the hotel was a wide spread. Free shuttle bus services; there are 2 routes, you may check on their website. Front line staff knows how to speak english and chinese. Airport transfer bus stop was just nearby but if you are having lots of heavy luggages, you may take the hotel shuttle bus out (only one stop). This hotel is very user friendly , provide shuttle bus to many tourist area and easy to travel to airport too. The hotel is not located in the shopping district in Myeongdong but it is within walking distance (15-20 minutes). Worry free because the hotel provides free shuttle bus to popular areas such as Myeongdong night market, Dongdaemun night market, Gwangjang market, Lotte Department Store, nearest subway station etc. The staffs at the hotel are helpful and friendly and they can communicate in simple English. They even helped me to make reservation at HanCook restaurant at N Seoul Tower as the restaurant only accepts reservation by phone call and I speak no Korean. The room is spacious compare with the typical hotel room in the city. Overall, it is a good place to stay and I will consider coming back to this hotel if I'm visiting Seoul again. For our group, the highlight of this hotel is the shuttle bus going to places which make it easy to get around. The bad thing is our booking got mixed up. We booked the family room but got the twin room instead. Breakfast at this hotel is quite good too. But it's better to buy directly from the hotel, it's cost 7,000 won/person. Reasonable price, room is big, clean & tidy. Location is 1.2 km from Meyongdong shopping street. Location is close to station. However, infrastructure of surrounding building is poor. Room is big n nice comfortable Nice reception and concierge staff, offered best assistance for us. Spacious room and on time shuttle bus service. Hotel room was not as good as I expected, nonetheless it was comfortable to stay in for the last few days of my trip. Hotel staff were really friendly and helpful. 1) front counter staffs were always very proactive, 2) hotel entrance staff were always quick to greet and assist to grab cab, 3) hotel shuttle bus drivers were really helpful. Special mention to the bus driver who drove on 9th July 2017, who always smile and go the extra mile to tell everyone onboard where is the location to walk after alighting. He will personally get out of the bus if he saw us walking in wrong direction. Overall it was a really good experience! Hotel is near the airport bus station and to some tourist spots. The family twin room is quite big and 650 hkd per night. It is quite valuable. Also, it has shuttle bus service to 明洞,東大門, if it can proivide night bus service to 明洞, it will be perfect. Although it dont have any swimming pool and fitness room, I will choose this hotel for my next Seoul Trip. Reception is very helpful but the room is a bit dirty, the soft is very horrible. Bed is comfort and big enough, the facilities inside the bathroom is very good. Location is very convenience and just 5 mins walk from chung-muro station exit #8 Very nice & value of money The hotel is near Chungmuro bus station, which is convenient since we went by airport limousine to the hotel. The staff is helpful, we left a shirt there and they contacted us the day after. The room is spacious, 4 beds and 2 bathrooms, though it was rather dusty and old. It turned out to be quite far from Myeongdong main shopping street, it's still within walking ditance but we chose to travel back and forth by taxi. Overall, not bad at all and we enjoyed our stay. :) The hotel is located very close to the Chungmuro station. It takes 3 minutes to the hotel from the station. My friend and I can walk to Myeongdong as well! It takes around 8 minutes. And actually, taking the shuttle, offered by the hotel, to myeongdong is very convenient too! The location of the hotel is really nice! The hotel room is spacious for me and my friend to open our luggages at the same time! In terms of cleanliness, we found that there is something like a coffee stain on the bed sheet but the housekeeper did not remove it. Overall, the housekeeper did a good job! Highly recommended, easy to move around and the subway is very near, airport bas walking distant and easy to find food. Hotel is clean and the staff very friendly. Very much reasonable price! Recommend if you don't have a plan much budgets for hotel in myoungdong. Very nice! Nice hotel and good location. ” Great Experience especially the Service of Staff” Big room but inadequate facilities” Nice” Convenient to subway” very good, room is quite big and bed is comfortable ” Hotel Location” Great location and shuttle service” Decent and spacious hotel with good amenities ” 매우 좋음” 매우 좋음” Very Good Hotel ” Super” We love the hotel” good” OK” Nice hotel with transport” Excellent overall” A Good Stay” Lots of option for the beds.. but location a bit off from shopping area” Very nice welcome from staffs. Clean room, good amenities. Good location, close to two subway stations. The price is acceptable yet as a customer, we always want some discount for students. The service of staff is great as they explain everything to traveller detaily and will not be annoyed by customers who are many questions. The facilities was below expectation, although we do not expect a swimming pool, we do want a basic small gym room in every hotel so that we can work out for what we have eaten during the trip around the city. In inclusion, I will definetly choose this hotel again. I stayed in a Premier Twin room with my friend. The room was spacious with 2 queen sized bed and a dining area. The bathroom was well equipped and the heated toilet seat really amazed me. Location wise, it is fairly near to Chungmuro Station (exit 8, just turn left at the first alley and keep walking straight), Airport Limobus is there as well Shuttle bus is available so its good. Room looked fairly new and was clean. Only slight complain is that the room walls are thin - we can hear the couple next room making... Staff are fairly friendly and speaks acceptable English. One feedback is that the laundry room only has 2 washing machines and 2 tumble dryers - tumble drying your laundry needs 2 hours in the machine and thats too long. Also as the number of Machines are limited, we were unable to wash our laundry (also because they close at 10pm). Overall, a good stay. Would recommend groups of friends to stay as the rooms are real big. Its cosy and spacious. It is located between several subway stations. Free shuttle to Myedong. anyhow location is not within attraction area, however subway is easy approached from the hotel , euljiro sa ga subway station, will recommend this hotel The hotel is in a good location to get to the 2 main areas of Seoul. Good Ideally suited for people who love shopping. Have shuttle bus that is easy access to main locations. Area it is located is not good looking but the hotel its self is nice and clean and decoration is good. Breakfast has good selection for any nationality. Location was excellent, easy connect with different subway lines. The suite was spacious and comfortable while double room was really small, old, and dark. Service was ok, could be better if staffs are more cheerful and proactive. Comprehensive amenities within the hotel premise - coin operated laundry and dryer machine, cafe, water and ice dispenser at every level pharmacy and family clinic. I sprained my ankle during the trip and was very glad that there is a clinic just at the first level of the hotel! Room is fairly spacious, just that the lights are the yellow light that will make your room seemed dim. Spacious toilet. It will be helpful if there are signs indicating that guests should refrain from throwing the toilet paper in to the toilet bowl. Coz our toilet bowl got stuck once. The staff are friendly and helpful. The housekeeping ajumas always greet us, and were showing sympathy to my sprained ankle like how a grandmother would do to u. The consumables are replenished on a daily basis. Location wise ok. There is free shuttle bus provided by the hotel to places like myeongdong, dongdaemun. Overall.. I have a good rest in the hotel. Quite a good location, 5 minutes walk to subway station. Shuttle bus to a few shopping district every hour, very convenient! Away from the busy district. Rooms are big and clean. neat and clean room, very nice hotel staff, shuttle bus service new and modern building, neat and clean room, shuttle bus service to the designted tourist area, very nice staff Superr service nice people The rooms are huge and really nice, much nicer than the exterior of the hotel. There is a shuttle bus because the hotel is quite secluded. Took us a longer time to find the hotel. The hotel entrance wasn't easy to find and Not very glamourous as we have to push our luggage in a small alley. good OK Very modern and clean hotel with transport to popular shopping area Nice location with value price 1) Room is big with big bed and good shower. 2) Staff not very good with English. But passable. Look for Nadia at concierge. She can help you. 3) Shuttle bus very very convenient. Selection of stops. A bonus to stay at this hotel. 4) Well managed hotel. 5) Breakfast not extensive but enough to skip lunch. 6) Near to Metro/subway that makes touring on your own convenient. Good thing from the hotel they provide shuttle bus. But have to make sure the timetable of it clean room with good location” Easy Accesible Hotel” Good Choice” Convenient Hotel with shuttle bus service” Service quality of front office person need to be improved. Bfast buffet menu need to be changed ” Great Family Hotel” Decent” Big room” Good enough for my family. ” Traveller-Friendly Hotel” Great accessibility ” Great hotel.” Strategic Location” good location” Good locations , good shuttle Bus , very near to train station ” Hotel PJ” Good Hotel with Spacious Room ” Location is far from Myeongdong street ” X” Big spacious room” clean room with good location Read my 23 Dec review - reason why i chose this hotel again upon returning from Jeju Island. See my previous review for 23 Dec. Good hotel and that's why we chose this hotel again when we came back from Jeju Island. On the day we arrived, it was raining and the bus driver wanted to park in a way where we can download our luggages However, the 'bell man' was the MOST UNWELCOMING GUY and horrible attitude. He refused to move the barricade and was ignorant to my request to just move the traffic cone for driver to park so we can be exposed to the rain less. Please counsel your staff. Other than that, the reception staff were very helpful in giving us directions, where to eat, shuttle schedule, etc. Location is near Paris Baguette, Burger King, BHC Chicken & Beer (good choice to eat) and there is a convenient store on the ground level, at the side of the hotel too. Service quality of front office person need to be improved. Bfast buffet menu need to be changed everyday Provide shuttle bus from & to the Airport Our family book a premium triple room. The room is spacious, hotel staff is friendly and most of all, the shuttle service is very convenient and useful. Will definitely book the same place should we revisit again to Seoul. While it was close to attractions, the front door was a little difficult to find. Overall a good stay. Loved the big room . Market opposite the hotel. Subway is nearby. Very Convenient Hotel offer free shuttle bus to several places Most of the time we are out. So the rooms serves our purpose of sleep and shower. Didn't intend to use the facilities there... So it was ok for us. Room with enclosed balcony available. Good for those with young kids. Accessible- 5 minute walk to 3 stations. Drinking water and ice available on every level, near the elevator. 👍🏼 No connecting rooms available. Thin walls so you can be an inconvenience to others or be inconvenienced by others. The Hotel is more of a "let you alone, but not left you alone" hotel. You can do everything on your own and they won't bother you, but they would be there ready and willing to assist you in case you need help or assistance. The staff can speak English. There is a foreigner-friendly ATM Machine in the ground floor (the last machine on the right), this is a relief since almost all the ATM Machines in Korea are almost impossible to use if you don't read Korean. So all in all, we are satisfied with our experience with Hotel PJ. Rooms are very spacious and there are even shuttle services provided by the hotel to all the nearby places of attractions. Last but not least, it is only walking distance to the airport bus stop. Great hotel. The room was really spacious. It's nice and neat. The location is very strategic with restaurants and seven eleven just around the corner. The room is spacious and clean. Very good location and also convenient with free shuttle bus service. I have stayed for 7 nights , breakfast is good and my family like it . it is also very near to Train station . Nice and friendly staffs. Stay in family room with balcony. Environment not bad, shuttle service to few attractions and convenient. Hotel provide free shuttle bus to around interesting place & its near to subway station. Only set back surrounding area of the hotel nothing to explore. Stay at PJ hotel for six nights . Hotel is far from Myeongdong street . The hotel do provide shuttle bus service but after 11am , the shuttle bus is per hour basic . X Big spacious room with hotel shuttle service to nearby shopping area like Myeongdong, Dongdaemum etc. Subway just a few minutes walk. Very convenient. Staff are helpful and friendly. This was the fourth time I stayed in this hotel. Value for money, good location” Quad room was spacious and comfortable” Big rooms, good location” Location is quite good and the room is big” Location is quite good and the room is big” Location quite good,the room is clean” Great stay, nice location!” Worth every penny ” Holiday with family” good experience overall” Nice ” So far so good” Convenient” good” verygood” Good” Good” generally its good,but a little bit hard to find. hopitality is good. ” all is good except beds” will come back again” We had the family triple room and room was quite spacious. There are Angel-in-us Cafe and Cafe'n Story within the hotel vicinity so breakfast is not a problem. Subway line 2 and line 4 is 10 mins away. Will consider this hotel if visit Seoul next time. We had the quad room and we were pleasantly surprised by the room size. There are Angel-in-us Cafe and Cafe'n Story within the hotel vicinity so breakfast is not a problem. Subway line 2 and line 4 is 10 mins away. Will consider this hotel if visit Seoul next time. Loved that the rooms are big - we had 4 beds (for a family of 5) - which is not typical for a hotel to have. Breakfast was good but they served the same food every single day. Location is convenient plus they provide shuttle buses ro Myeongdong. I love to stay here because the room is spacious and they have shuttle to take you to shopping area nearby such as dongdaemun,myeongdong,gwangjang market,namdaemun,insadong,lotte etc and they provide shuttle until 2am I love to stay here because the room is spacious and they have shuttle to take you to shopping area nearby such as dongdaemun,myeongdong,gwangjang market,namdaemun,insadong,lotte etc and they provide shuttle until 2am I love to stay here because the room is spacious and they have shuttle to take you to shopping area nearby such as dongdaemun,myeongdong,gwangjang market,namdaemun,insadong,lotte etc and they provide shuttle until 2am Staffs are all friendly and accommodating. Enjoyed our stay there. Plus the free shuttle around the area is also very helpful. Kudos! :) The free shuttle is a big plus !!! Rooms are spacious and clean . Hotel is good with shuttle bus. Sub way is 3 mins walk. Room is spacious. Much value to stay compare to others due to price and space. However, if heavy shopper, then might be problem to go back and drop things, due to walking distance from Subway or waiting for shuttle bus. However, still highly recommended. shuttle bus service makes going to popular shopping areas like myeongdong or dongdaemun incredibly convenient. you can shop through the night in dongdaemun and catch the last shuttle at around 2am. the service departing from the hotel is quite popular, so do go slightly earlier than departure time to secure a seat. Great location Convenient shuttle Clean and big room So far so good Big room , great shuttle bus services and total of 4 subway colour to choose from good love it Good only complaint was bad sound proof of rooms. good everything was good except super uncomfortable beds. they definitely need to be changed! staff is very polite and helpful. breakfast is super! shuttle bus service to shopping centers, subway or bus station to the airport helped me to savetaxi cost. big n clean room. many local restorants with reasonable priceand goodtaste good” Good” Great place” Nice hotel. Great staff. ” Good hotel” travel with friends” Nice service and location” Happy with stay” far from all stations” Clean and convenient location” Good service” Good.” good location” good location” place is convenient and staff are friendly. shuttle bus service is good” ok” Great stay!” Good location with free shuttle service ;)” Enjoyable Seoul Stay” Clean and good location” clean and tidy, good service Shuttle bus service, nice hotel staff shuttle bus service allowed easy access to key shopping areas The hotel was great although a bit of a walk if taking the airport shuttle. But not bad. Easy quick walk to subway line 2 (green) or 3 (orange). Or take a nice walk underground to the City Hall. There is a nice little coffee shop in the hotel. ₩8,000 gets you a nice little breakfast and coffee (at leat while i was there). There are also two convenience stores right near the hotel. All and all. It was a nice hotel and would stay again. I like we stay on lady floor. good. Although need a bit walk to myeongdong, actually is a straight road bringing you into the middle streets of myeongdong from the hotel. Still convenient, and don't have to bear with noise at night at myeongdong. Staff are helpful, not a problem to speak in English. Clean and room is large enough to open 2 large luggages without blocking the way to walk around in the room. Airport limousine bus stops right a street across the hotel. Happy with the shuttle service good to have bus shuttle Has free bus shuttle I want to come back here again I like the shuttle bus service. good location and free shuttle bus . very convenience to myeong dong good location and nice staff highly recommend to stay in the hotel We booked for three persons but the bottled water throughout our stay were only 2. Had to repeatedly request from the front desk. Even the twels, only 2 pcs were given. I had an enjoyable stay at PJ hotel. The shuttle bus service was great but do get up the bus early as it usually gets full pretty fast. The room was fantastic. Beds and pillows were comfortable and clean. Also, it is great to have a water dispenser at our level. We can fill our bottles before leaving our hotel. PJ Hotel is walking distance from subway station and there are regular shuttle service to myeodong and Dongdaemun! Overall this is really a value for money and convenient stay! Our family was composed of a group of 18. The kids enjoyed the 6 triple rooms we occupied. Location was good, just five minutes walk from Chungmuro station. However, the walkway were quite dark and there was no shuttle bus service after 8+pm. But hotel is very clean and value for money! :) good stay! PJ Myeongdong” Seoul getaway” Nice stay. Excellent convenience. ” Hotel PJ” Great Price for an OK location” nice and safe hotel” Nice hotel, will recommend the hotel to my friends” Comfort,cleanliness” Quite trip in weekend” free shuttle” free shuttle” Hotel provides free shuttle” Shuttle service to major spots make it convenient for travellers” Pleasant stay” Famly with Childen” Good Hotel” close to subways, bus stops, shopping areas, etc” Good value for money” Satisfactory” Nice hotel” Hotel provides free bus shuttle from 8am to 2am next morning & great security. It takes about 4-5 min walk to Chungmuro station and Airport Bus stop PJ hotel provides shuttle buses to Myeongdong, Dongdaemum and Namdaemum. It is also near to chungmuro Line 4 as well as Euriga 3-ga station Line 2 which makes it a good location hotel. Our stay was wonderful and the hotel amenities were concised and convenient. The shuttle bus service was very useful especially for late night shopping. Breakfast was a positive spread and nice variety. Overall excellent, we would love to be back to this hotel for our next Korea trip. Highly recommended for all travellers. I will definitely recommend this to others. We got this hotel last minute for its cheap price. It was a short walk away from the convenience of Myeongdong so it was ok. The hotel was clean and staff was nice. Good value for a short stay we had. shuttle bus service, nice hotel staff, clean room The hotel is located near many places of interest and shopping areas.There are also lots of eateries around the area. The airport bus will send you to & from Incheon int'l airport to & from Chungmuro bus station about 300 meters walking distance from the hotel. I stayed in twin-bed room which is big and the beds are comfortable. We staying this hotel for 3 nights. And get an upgrade to deluxe room in third nights. : ) stayed 2 nights. staffs were nice and friendly. room is clean as well. hotel is close to subway station with shuttle bus to myeongdong. but the water heat was a little bit not stable. the shuttle service provided made up for the inaccessible location as its not very near a train station or major malls the shuttle service provided made up for the inaccessible location as its not very near a train station or major malls the shuttle service provided made up for the inaccessible location as its not very near a train station or major malls Although not located at the centre of Myeongdong, the shuttle service compensates it. Plus the hotel is close to 3 main subway stations (within walking distance). Staff is helpful, delighted to find out every floor is equipped with 2 hot&cold Coway water dispensers. Extremely convenient as you no longer have to boil water for morning coffee or for drinking water. The next hotel we stayed after Hotel PJ only has water dispenser at particular floor i.e. The pantry room. Do take note of this if you're particular of this or if any hotel states that it has water dispenser but in fact only available at one spot or different floor from your room. The cons: -the hanging lamp in the room makes it difficult for us to move around the room and to avoid hitting it. It's unnecessary as the rooms bright enough. This may be trivial, but it did irritate us every time we accidentally knock our head on the lamp when we move ard in the room. -the room is very dusty, maybe the air-con filter needs some cleaning or replacement. Our luggage would be covering with a thin layer of dust the next day or when we came back at night. But we did see the room-keeping staff come to our room everyday. -nothing special about hotels buffet breakfast. Limited choice. Good location, near euljiro Sam ga subway. Clean and excellent service We enjoy the hotel. The room is big for a 4 beds. Good Hotel proximity to transportation, shuttle service, comfortable room close to excellent! proximity to all modes of transportation be it subway, bus stops...spacious and clean room! Location is accessible to bus,taxi and train. Many restaurants near the hotel that serves good food. Highly recommended to families travelling with kids. Definitely good value for money. I will recommend PJ Hotel to my friends room, location, toilet Enjoyed my stay at the hotel. Location is not very near to the subway station, but it is in between 2 lines (Eulgiro 3 and Chungmuro) and walkable, which gave us some flexibility on routes to take. the route from the chungmuro station/airport bus station is quite dark and narrow, which may be quite daunting at first but was fine once you get used to it. Location ” Good location decent price” -” Good location & Experience! =)” Good Hotel” nice ” Value for money” Convenient” Nice stay at the hotel.” Nice and good stay” Convenient and neat” Winter in Seoul With Friends Jan 17-20, 2016” Good location and room was spacious” Nice stay it is...” very friendly staff” Location review ” A very comfortable stay” Winderful Trip” Comfortable stay” Comfortable ” Location Location is convenient as there is shuttle bus services to popular places like Myeongdong. Area is quite centralized. Hotel is clean. It was a good experience. The only downside is the limited space when getting from and to the limousine bus stop as we travelled with 7 luggages and it is not possible to squeeze all into the shuttle bus. Overall, the experience is pretty decent. frequent shuttle bus services to nearby areas, easy access to public transportation (train and airport bus), efficient check in services - Location, Shuttle services, Friendly staff Location is good! Staff are friendly and helpful, and there are Shuttle services to Myeongdong & Dongdaemun, which makes it very convenient! =D Room is quite comfortable too. Nice place but in the back streets so not so easy to find. Still a good hotel with nice staff very nice hotel! Shuttle bus service was very useful and rooms were rather spacious Location facility shuttle bus Good location and it's good that the hotel provide shuttle bus which you can go to any famous place Location near to train station, provide shuttle bus to shopping area and clean room Good, nice and clean room Good location, clean room and offer shuttle bus service Our stay there was good and looking fwd to stay again for our next visit to Seoul. location, safe and nice staff general the hotel is very good, but you can smell some smoking stinks in the hotel, hope the hotel enforce to check their customers about smoking in the hotel rooms. We enjoyed our stay in PJ hotel and one good thing is that PJ hotel is near in 3 lines of Train station the orange and Blue line and Green line. Food is okay but when i check the glasses its not cleaned. Would love to stay here again and Shuttle is a plus. location, spacious room, good staff great stay, will stay again Cleanliness, safety and quiet staff are very nice Normal 4 star hotel with good location The room is a bit odd as super long layout. The size of the room is huge. That's the only point that is good about this hotel Not as bad, could have been better if the location is good and the check in timing can faster. Waited like 30 mins to get myself checked in, counter staffs refuses to start earlier despite avaliable rooms. The spacious bedroom, able to house my entire family in a single room, and the shuttle service that brings you to the major attractions around the area. Very good. Shuttle Bus, Big Room, Accessible Great. the hotel shuttle bus is great but too bad it comes only hourly after 11am. and end 6pm. but overall is a pleasant trip Location, spacious room and comfortable bed Shuttle service, staff, cleanliness OK 2nd stay in this great location hotel” Good location” Good will stay back ” Convenient and spacious” comfort stay for familiar with children ” valued for money” Comfortable and convenient ” The hotel provides shuttle to strategic places” nice hotel” Convinent ” Had a great stay at PJ” Family trip” Good stay at PJ” Good value hotel” Great location” nice location,have shuttle until early morning” TRAVEL INFORMATION COUNTER ” Nice hotel and room is very good” veru neat,tidy and comfortable room” strategic location near places of interest” Location, balcony to smoke, comfortable room Overall great and will patronize this hotel again for my next visit to Seoul. Near to subways ( FOC shuttles n walking distance ) with a two convenience stores ( CU n 7-11 ). Comfortable room (triple pax ) w a balcony for smoking area w/o making d room smelly is great! If price can be lowered will be perfect. location, room size and bed vary Good location Good Location, clean, spacious It's a wonderful experience in PJ hotel, it's convenient and spacious for a family of 3, but the disadvantage is after we had got off the bus from the airport, there wasn't a sign to PJ hotel so we had to search for it. So overall, it's quite nice through these days, also it is located at good distance (5min walk) from few metro lines which makes travelling much easier with families with kid spacious room, adequate necessity, hotel facilities Excellent location, the conveniece of shuttle service, room is clean Easy access to the trains, quiet environment and near to plenty of food places. Good The hotel provides on time shuttle to strategic places around the city, not too far to subway stations, clean Airport bus stop is not directly in front of the hotel, still need to walk for around 100m, this is ok if your bags are not big and not travelling with baby strollers. Did not have the chance to try the hotel food. . Staff is friendly and helpful. Environment is Tidy. Provide the shuttle bus. The room is tidy and the staff is friendly. Hotel is also provide the shuttle bus to shopping area. big room with strong shower, convenient shuttle service Excellent. The rooms were clean and spacious and the hotel staff were helpful. Service, space of the room and avaliability of shutter bus Was a good stay at PJ hotel, love that the 2 beds room was spacious with a balcony. The staffs were very friendly and helpful and were good in communicating in English. Give PJ hotel a try :) Quiet, Good Value, Free Wifi Easy and fast checkin, good staff performance and not too far from nearby subways. Clean and quiet rooms Location, clean and comfortable This is my 3rd stays at this hotel. Always happy with the hotel staff and service. Great location near train station and surrounding has lots of eating place. nice location,many restaurant nearby,nice room This is my 3rd stay here and I would love to stay here again when I come to Korea STAFF HELPFUL , SPEAK CHINESE & ENGLISH VERY WELL SAFE , CLEAN , ROOM BIG The room is very good, location is ok, most of staff are friendly. The location is ok, even hotel has shuttle bus, but do not have chance to use it, either we miss the bus or the front desk suggest we walk for 5 to 20 mins to subway. We usually take the taxi since my wife is not able to walk for long distance. The restaurant at hotel is closed early and hotel does not allow to order deliver food. We have to go out to get the food. The service at the front desk are nice, the room is very good and have a lot of power outlet and it does have 110v also. spacious and comfortable room, all amenities and facilities are fully equip and staff was so handful i was so pleased to stay at this hotel.. i would love to come and stay here if i do come again in korea. near train station, near shopping area and near nightlife spot i was really delighted to stay at this hotel. and i would love to stay here again.. among the best hotel in town” located in the heart of the city” located in the heart of the city” Family vacation in Soeul PJ hotel” good” Good Location” PJ Hotel” Turtle” Worth the money ” Exploring Seoul, Korea” Clean hotel & Friendly Staff” Good hotel with reasonable price.” good” Accessible to 2 subway lines” Good stay ” Values for money” Spacious room, shuttle services to tourists spots” A very good hotel for Seoul tourists on a budget..” Experience at PJ Hotel” Hotel with easy access to free shuttle n subways” this hotel is strategically located in middle of the town, handful staf and near train station i was so glad to stay at this hotel. i would love to come here again this hotel is near to places of interest, the staff is super helpful and easy to find food here this hotel located in the centre of the city. very sufficient to access anything from here near shopping area, easy to access from here and easy to find halal food this hotel is nestled in the heart of city centre..u can access antyhing from here. Cost, location, cleanliness Convenient, clean, large size fairness Cleanliness, Location, Free Shuttle Room is clean, location is good, and there is free shuttle dropping at major shopping place. The room we stay is a bit weird in color which makes it look old, but still very clean. Bed is huge and comfy. The down side is that it is central heating, and we cannot control the temperature in our room which makes us feel a bit stuffy. good Huge room free shuttle bus to the city The room is huge and well maintained. I really appreciate the automatic toilet bowl and the balcony where you can enjoy a bottle of beer or some nice tea in the evening. The free shuttle bus operated by every half or one hour makes our trip so much easier to get to all the shopping area, eg dondaemun meyongdong. And actually the hotel is close to chongmuro station with airport limouse bus stop. Even though there's no gym facility in this hotel, I still strongly recommend you to stay here. Shuttle services, location and amenities Great location. Love the shuttle services. Location, Concierge, Housekeeping It was comfortable for travelers who are just showering and sleeping in the room. Location is very near all the hot spots of Seoul for site seeing and shopping. Good for travelers with children. Free shuttle takes you to the train stations and shopping destinations. Safe location and access to convenient stores and local restaurants. Shuttle service, Friendly Staff, breakfast variety I brought my mom and sis to this hotel, they've got no complains except that it was quite far from the subway, but luckily the hotel provides a shuttle bus service to those favorable locations. Overall, the hotel was clean, spacious with all the right amenities for a family. I love the balcony. Too bad the rooms are all non smoking for me. It's location is good with the subway nearby, Chungmuro and Euljiro station. There are various eatery around. Free shuttle bus to ferry to various places like Myeong Dong, Dondemum. The stay was quite relatively good except that the staff speaks little English. Both my sons and my room's air con was not cold and it is noisy. The toilet bath tub is a bit small. shutter bus Good Walkable to myeong dong, shuttle bus for mid night shopping & cleanliness Good! Location, tidiness, service My stay was excellent Idle location, cleanliness, Spacious room, shuttle services, shuttle services As always, enjoyed our stay at PJ. Although we did not get our favourite balcony, we are still pleased with the cosy sitting area in the room. The shuttle services provided to places like Myeondong, dongdaemun, Nandaemun,etc was great as it not only save us some transport costs, it also gave us more opportunities to visit these areas. Except for the fact that the bed linens were not changed for the 8 days of stay, we will chose PJ for our next stay. 1. Location/Shuttle Service.. near tourist sites & transport stations 2.Price:Value for money - adequately furnished rooms, outstanding local & int'l food 3.Efficient/Friendly/Helpful Staff PJ Hotel location is excellent as it is in the shopping/entertainment center Myeongdong area with both the Incheon airport limousine bus station & Seoul Metro Chungmuro Stn just a few meters away.. almost 24 hr shuttle bus service to the station as well as tourist sites are provided free to guests.. wide variety of delectable breakfast fare is provided in the hotel cafe's buffet breakfast.. our spacious, clean & tastefully designed & furnished room is adequately provided with guest amenities.. english-speaking hotel staff were efficient, friendly & helpful.. a very good hotel to stay in for both first-time & regular Seoul travellers! 1) sizable balcony, 2) decent hotel that offers triple room, 3) cleaniness PJ Hotel is a 5 min walk from the subway. The narrow street from the subway that leads to the hotel may be an easy miss. Free shuttle, walking distance to subway ( Euljiro 4 ) n balcony w mosquito net Upon booking do request for a balcony as not all room have balcony. My room was upgraded upon this issue as I need to smoke at d balcony. U can take d lift to level 1 and you will see signage of Euljiro 4 subway on a pillar..is a short walking distance. However, the hotel do provide free shuttles to lotte dept. at myeongdong , shisugae dept. I think if d name correct ( nearby but still need d shuttle ) and subways.n there are 7-11 n convenience stores ( on d way from d lift at level 1 to Euljiro 4 , u will see d stores ) . Nearby has some eateries ( steamboat n grilled Korean food ). The aircond in d room not very cold but there is a mosquito net..so you can open d balcony door to let the cool air in to make d room cooler. So is ok.. Room is clean. Will come back again. clean and cosy hotel 2 mins from metro” Comfortable hotel ” Nice hotel, sketchy area...” Good” Good hotel” Good hotel ” New place ” .....” Great place” Clean and spacious room” Nice hotel at uninteresting location” Good service and shuttle bus” jc” good and comfortable” Special discount price ” Great location” Good” Good location” Comfortable Stay” i was comfortable ” good location, clean rooms, good price Comfortable, clean and friendly staff It was an enjoyable stay despite having initial problems locating it. room, cleanliness, tub Okay this was a good hotel for the price but... Seriously if you are out after dark that is a really sketchy neighborhood to go back to. I mean old drunk men catcalling at you kind of neighborhood. For the price it was just a little disappointing to be in that kind of area, to not have a refridgerator in the room, or be offered breakfast (they had a nice buffet but at a rather large additional price). It is a good location for easy access to other places though, couldn't beat the price either but I would probably pick a safer area next time I am in Seoul... Staff, shattle bus, security 1) Shuttle Bus 2) Good price 3) Leg massager I like staying on ladies floor for the added security and they provide free mask on the 1st day of our stay. Our 2nd stay comes with a coffee maker and seems not working as it got stuck. It does not taste well . It will be better if hotel could include breakfast in the hotel room or provide hot beverages in the lobby as Dec is very cold. They provide shuttle bus till 2am. It is extremely convenient for us. We went back to hotel for day trip and took shuttle bus to Dongdaemun and shop till 12 or 1am. It is safer than taking taxi at that hour. Saves a lot of transport cost staying in this hotel. The shuttle change to hourly after 11am. Will be good if the hotel maintains the same frequency throughout the day. If you feels tired climbing the stairs, there are 2 tips: 1) There is hotel lift that stops at ground floor instead of hotel lobby at 2nd floor. If I remember correctly, it close at midnight. Please check the timing again when you reach the hotel. 2) Alight at the 1st bus stop from hotel, cross the road to take the subway. It has escalator. Convenient when we lug the luggage to go to Seoul station to take the high speed rail. 1) Ladies Floor for security 2) Shuttle Bus to subway, main attractions and airport bus stop 3) Clean Toilet It was a great stay and room price is reasonable. The staff is very helpful and would open the laundry room after 8pm at our request to collect our clothes. The hotel also provides umbrella when we needs it and did not ask when the umbrella is spoilt due to frequent use. The shuttle bus is useful and even better than taking taxi as the taxi driver usually does not know the hotel location. I wish the hotel could improve or provide the following: 1) Include breakfast in the room price. 2) Maintain same frequency throughout the day. Certain times only provide 1 hour each which is inconvenient. 3) Like the laundry room but wish it could be provided free of charge. Please add a coin machine inside the laundry room in case we do not have sufficient coins. Hotel is clean/staff friendly/offer free shuttle bus all over place Over all are nice ....... ..... Location, shuttle services and cleaniness Big room, free shuttle bus, friendly staff Enjoyed one night stay. Staff is really friendly and helpful. You can hop on to the free shuttle bus which is very convenient. New and clean, with one exception see below It is a nicely managed hotel, easily accessible, but surrounded by run-down neighborhood providing interesting local food but nothing else. The worst thing about the hotel is their policy in protecting the environment! They didn't seem to have changed the bed sheets etc even when we'd stayed there for a week. Make sure you tell them to change them as you require. shuttle bus, room size and staff Good staff with good english. The location is actually not in main strip, a bit outskirt, but within walking distance to the main road. The shuttle bus is very convenience to almost a good shopping district and really a plus point. very nice & staff was nice & pleasant. Very good suttle bus, free wifi, bed it was nice but please also provide coffee in the second day. Not only for welcoming drink Great hotel for great price Location was great near to market area Friendly staff Very good location Good place,nice room,and shuttle bus! goo location, helpful staff and have local eateries nearby Decent, Location, Clean It was a decent stay. Enjoy it. spacious, clean, affordable Very Good nice hotel” happy stay” very good hotel” nice place” Spacious Room” Nice Cozy rooms” good experience ” Clean rooms, poor location” Nice Staff” Location, helpful staff” Comfortable environment” Spacious Room” Layover to Japan ” Comfort Away From Home” All good, but 5 mins walk from subway” It was okay” very good~” First trial ” Good location” PJ Hotel” value money, location, free shuttle service i will reccomend this to friends Friendly staff, big room, provide suttle bus service to attraction Overall was good. In fact, we don't spent much time in hotel, we went out around 10am and only return to hotel about 9pm. location, staff, free shuttle bus very good easy to eat shop and also sign seeing overall not bad as before i went already know how it look like Spacious Room, Friendly Hotel Staffs, Clean Room Good Big room, comfortable beds and free shuttle It was a great stay, but the location could have been better, good thing there was a free shuttle shuttle bus service, helpful staff The shuttle bus service is good. Shuttle bus services To get to the hotel, you have to walk through an old alley, which can be rather scary in the night. Luckily, there was a shuttle bus service to and from the hotel. However, be slightly earlier, as the bus leaves punctually and do not accept more passengers if it is full. Late check-out is chargeable. Hence, it can be cumbersome if you have a late flight. Shuttle Bus, Nice Staff, Clean Room Is a comfortable hotel, and nice staff. Hotel with shuttle bus to few main shopping area, walking distance to get food, room is clean with balcony, helpful staff Comfortable environment, good service, and clean environment Business trip Balcony, Spacious Room, Location The room is spacious for our family. They had a balcony which is very useful if you are a smoker. Walking distance to train station. Concierge was awesome. They are so friendly and helpful. The older man that greeted us inside the hotel every morning was so nice and courteous and always remembered us. The rooms were very big and c. It was very enjoyable and everyone there is extremely nice, courteous, and helpful. I would definitely go there again. location, free shuttle bus, spacious room We had a pleasant stay at this hotel. They gave us a free upgrade and we are really happy about that. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's very near the train and airport limousine bus station, restaurants and groceries. They also have free shuttle service to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun (and everything in between). I love this hotel! I shall return! Nice staff! Large room! Good room service! Everything is fine, staff are very nice！ But just the location is a bit hard to find! Everyday need to walk 5 mins from subway to hotel! It is qiuet and windy walk at night! The shuttle bus is hard to catch! After 11am need to wait for 1 hour for a bus! For ppl like us sleep late and come back late is not helpful! Others are fine! Clean, service, comfy It was okay for a short stay. Staff Performance is excellent! Thank you for helping us. Because of your help I have a grest business trip in Seoul. Location, nice concierge staff, room size Stayed here for 5 nights, got Checked in by a lady Ms Hyun-a Cho who was rude, not showing any patience while processing our check in, we also got checked out by the same lady, I never saw her smile and say professional greetings and farewell words. Both concierge staff and bell man were nice, I like the room size of this hotel, much bigger than to what I expected. Will come back again Shuttle bus room was spacious, free shuttle bus to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun and airport limo bus just a street away. Great location, quiet environment, staff speaks good English and some even speak Mandarin, very helpful in providing details of eateries and shopping details. There was even a travelator for luggages. Would definitely stay in this hotel again. Best place to stay in seoul” Nice hotel” Convenient location. Big room” very nice” Good stay” Best Hotel for Shoppers” Nice hotel, blah surrounding” Very good” Comrtable Stay” Korea ” Family Getaway” Family Getaway” Efficient an” CKB” Nice hotel” Good stay” great location” Luxurious Hotel” Good choice for shopping” accessible, comfortable stay” Service and room Nice staff, spacious room , worth for your money , shuttle bus Location, bus shuttle are good, rooms are clean Good, cannot asked for more for that money we pay. Good location. Big room. Water dispenser available on every floor Very comfortable stay. Presence of 24 hour Korean restaurants & convenient store very near hotel. 5-8 minutes walk to train & bus station. Room is big. Concierge staff is very helpful. Rooms, staffs, price The room is so nice and comfortable! room, staff, service They got Chinese and English speaking staff who are all very helpful, free shuttle bus to shopping area, will stay again good location, good service,Shopping The room is very spacious for its price and they were cleaned daily. Also I think it's the only hotel that provides free shuttles to major attractions. All the staff were very helpful and friendly. The hotel is situated within 5 mins walk to either metro.. The staff, the room, a block away Chungmuro station I was very impressed with this hotel. The picture makes it seem like it's out in the open on a main street, but it's really tucked in behind and surrounded by small, kind of shabby business, next to a district of shops that sells commercial lighting. It is kind of depressing. But, it is centrally located and near Meyong Dong and Itaewon. You really can't ask for more than that. Rooms are very nice and in my room the view was actually nice, something rare for affordable hotels in Seoul. But the most impressive was the staff. A number of them spoke English and all of them greeted you. Even the maids were very polite greeted you friendly and bowed. When I called the front desk they answered in English knowing that I was an English speaking guest. And when I asked a question or I needed help they answered and then anticipated any further questions I might have and gave me a thorough answer. And they were genuinely nice and seemed to all get along with each other. I've been to hotels all over the world, I travel for a living and I only see this in the nicer hotels in Mexico. This kind of staff behavior is approaching Ritz Carlton standards. There is a 7-11 and a CU nearby and no Starbucks but there is a Coffee Bean a block or so away. Definitely my first choice for when I comeback to Seoul again. Clean good location good service Large rooms, clean and comfortable Stayed at PJ Hotel during the last few days of my trip. Large, clean and comfortable rooms, value for money. The streets around the hotel tends to be very quiet at night, and hence, may not be that safe to wander around alone. Shuttle bus services are provided from the hotel to various parts of Seoul like Myeong Dong. Big bed - super king. Big pillow - double size of normal and polite staffs Everything was good except two things. Firstly, the bell boy service, we are in a group so request bell boy to push our luggages using the cart but he refuse and saying we required to carry ourselves. Second, the breakfast which somehow disappointing. Minimum choices and steam food is cool. However an add point is, their front desk staffs is consider the friendliest ppl I met in Korea (Korea ppl give me bad impression for their services). Hotel shuttle bus, large rooms, centrally located Large rooms, great location, free shuttle bus Great location in the middle of "subway" station triangle. Fast Service. Information straight to the spot As promised, no extra hassle, just as Hotel should be. Location, staff performance, hotel transportation It was a pleasant stay, but it would be better if there were more room facilities like stoves or microwaves Space vs price, location, cleaningness We had a wonderful one night stay in PJ Hotel. Located nearby several metro station and surrounded by many restaurant. Will definitely remain a preferred option when coming back to seoul room, customer service, shutter services clean,safe and good location the stay is comfortable,great location, Spacious, Clean & COmfortable We were given an upgrade to executive floor and it was really a very nice room. Spacious and equip with everything we need. Overall great stay and the shuttle bus is really useful and convenient. bus shuttle services (Dodameng n Myeon Dong) Spacious and friendly helpful staff when I ask them for direction. Even help me to send my excess luggage when we found that we explode our luggage allowance for our flight. location, comfortability, cleanliness 5day6night” Nice” Decent, good enough” FANTASTIC ” great” Not bad hotel, a lil bit old but clean” A good hotel in Seoul” My stay at PJ Hotel ” Good hotel” Nice hotel” Short Break in Seoul” Great staff and location” Nice location, comfortable - good base” nice place” Good” Spacious room and friendly staff” Great room for travelling family!” Nice hotel for shopping and travel in Seoul” Comfortable and clean hotel” Cheeky” Shuttlebus, breakfast, affordable price Pleasant. Nice I book for my friend. They are happy with the hotel. Average hotel in Seoul Pleasant stay, not much surprises. However, i love the free shuttle that bring us to the train and some famous attraction nearby. LOCATION, CLEAN AND GOOD SERVICE FANTASTIC WOULD BE THE BEST WORD TO DESCRIBE ABOUT THIS HOTEL . great Great place awessom service Clean hotel, location not bad, staff Ok, provide free hanbok dresses for photo-taking, clean and large room The room is clean and large and the hotel provides free hanbok dresses for photo-taking. And the service is good. But the location is not very good, a little far from the Myeong-dong and far from any subway. You need to walk along a long narrow passage under the bridge. the location is good, quiet environment and staff is helpful My stay at PJ hotel is good. I was allocated to the Ladies floor which is good for I travelled with my daughter. It is safe. The staff is very helpful and friendly. I will recommend my friends to stay here if they visit Korea and sure I will stay at the PJ when I visit Korea next time. Hotel train food shopping Nearby to food shopping train Shopping train food Good. Nearby to train food and shopping Location, large rooms, free shuttle bus Overall great stay at PJ Hotel, rooms and beds very comfortable only let down was we arrived at 6pm and the restaurant was closed so had to go out for dinner. Staff, Location, The King Size Bed Great location that is in the middle of Namdaemun and Myeongdong (shopping areas that open till 4am!). The hotel staff speak good English and are really helpful & friendly. The room is okay but the condition of the bathroom is aweful - the shower curtain and bathtub are old & dirty and it's difficult to adjust and maintain the hot water at the desirable temperature. Rooms, nice coffee shop and location! The hotel is super easy to find from the airport, just ask at the airport and jump on the bus. there's directions at the bus stop so you can find PJs very easily. Staff were helpful and friendly on check in, there's various maps etc available so you can easily figure out where you are and where you're going to get bearings. We were unable to check in as arrived very early, but they looked after bags securely and assisted us with where to go in the meantime. We didn't eat at the hotel, although did get coffee from the coffee shop which was good value as we were given some vouchers in the room so made for a fairly cheap breakfast when in need of sustenance before heading out for the day! Easy to walk to shops, restaurants and the local area is quite interesting immediately around as lots of local shops. You're nearer several underground stations, we didn't use it but during the day the hotel runs some little shuttles around the area. Room was a good size, bathroom fine with a decent shower. Seemed to be fairly recently refurbished. WiFi strength was good we found. Would definitely recommend. location, good services, room upgrade I would stay in PJ again for next trip Good Room size, cleanliness of the room, and friendly staff Good The twin double beds are perfect for us, family of 4. And the small siting area is just nice for our get together after a long day walk. It was great! Room is clean and spacious even for family of 4. Location is a bit further away from the hustle & bustle of Myeongdong, but is still within walking distance. Area around hotel itself is surrounded by restaurants and convenience store. Easy to find taxi and subway station is not far. Any tourist and traveler will survive just fine staying here. Hotel staff although not all very fluent in English, are all very helpful. Clean, Tidy and Confortable The room is clean and tidy, but relatively not convenient for having dinner because no famous restaurant around the hotel. clean; shuttle bus to main attractions; room size great stay Spacious and clean rooms, great location and easy access drinking machine Close to myeongdong by train/shuttle bus” Spacious room, convenient location” Good location” Convenient and friendly” Convenient” Convenient” Solo traveller for 6 nights” nice hotel, the location closed to shopping area” good value” A very good Budget hotel in Seoul” location good” Value for money” Good” Comfortable but not quite a 5 star standard” It nice but a bit far away ” Value for money hotel” Good location” Return stay” Good value for location” Shuttle bus is very good” Friendly staff 5 mins' walk to the metro station, pleasant stay, staff is quite friendly Spacious room, convenient location Comfortable clean and convenient This was my 4th stay at PJ Hotel. Will come back again. Good as always! Free shuttle bus, friendly service, great buffet Very comfortable and enjoyable with the friendly staff met all my needs. Easy access to restaurants and shops. Conveniently located, free shuttle bus, friendly service Very comfortable and enjoyable with the friendly staff met all my needs. Easy access to restaurants and shops. Convenient, free shuttle bus, friendly service Very comfortable and enjoyable with the friendly staff met all my needs. Easy access to restaurants and shops. comfort, service, price Considering I booked my stay last minute, PJ hotel gave me the best value and price for whatever I paid. However given a choice, or if i had booked earlier, i would definitely have considered other hotels like hotel prince or skypark due to the location. PJ hotel's location is a little bit in and away from the hussle of town, which is good for a quiet and relaxing night's rest, but if you prefer somewhere that's alot more convinient, bus stop and trains right outside the hotel, food and shopping right outside the hotel, then it probably isn't the place for you. Overall though i had a very nice and pleasant stay. It was safe too despite the location so that's a plus factor for me. Also there's a paris baguette about 5mins away so that was really good too :) . free wifi, location, staff helfulness good Great Location, Great Staff, Great Room Only have to take bus from the airport and get out at the last stop (45 - 60 minutes driving) , then walking for around 5 minutes from the bus stop and find the Hotel, remembering that taking taxi in south korea is expensive. This area is full of pet shops, and korean restaurants. Loving the hotel itself, we stay here for four days, taking 2 different rooms, room at 5th floor is very good, even though its smaller, but its clean and new, very comfortable, free ice and drink, but for the room at higher floor that five, its an older one, its a lot bigger but smelly. not very good. so when you go to PJ ask for 5th floor room. I also like the toilet that equip with drying, warmer and cleaner functions. haha walking distance to shopping area Near to Airport Limo Bus Station, hotel staff is very friendly and free shuttle bus to the nearby major shopping areas Room Location, staff efficiency when it comes to request, 5mins walk to subway 5mins walk from Chungmuro and Eujiro subway. But have to walk to the inner part of the street which can be really quiet at night and realised not much taxi drivers know about the hotel. No in room dining so when it comes to hungry at night, no food available and no late night or 24hrs eatery nearby. Have to walk to subway station for 24hrs fastfood. Quite a clean and comfort stay. the room is big and comfortable, the staffs are nice and helpful, the price is really reasonable.... we were happy to stay here, everything were nice except it's location a bit far away from main spots....and not many things to eat around hotel area... Great location, shuttle bus service, friendly staff Good location, clean room, free espresso coffee n green tea. Though PJ Hotel provides free shuttle transport but we didn't get to use it throughout our 8 days stay. The van was also packed by the time we went to the lobby. Otherwise, the quad beds were comfortable. Luggage storage for a few days, weigh available for luggage, helpful staff English speaking and helpful staff, shuttle bus convenient for popular shopping places, airport bus stops nearby Shuttle bus is really good nice, room very clear, ” Huge Room” Modern concept hotel” Good” Great for short period stay” Weekend Getaway” Gd location, friendly staff, great shopping” Big comfortable bed” Walk in dark street from airport limousine bus sto” Hard to go to the hotel from limousine bus stop.” 2nd stay at PJ” Nice” Hard to find, but room and staff are nice. ” clean and convinent ” convenient with good location” Close mtr” Clean and customer oriented” Comfortable” A good place to stay in Seoul ” nice hotel” Shampoo,rine , face mask and hand wash I like it, but if have body clean is perfect Good Clean, Comfortable, Huge Staff accommodating and can communicate. Rooms were clean - regular replenishment of toiletries, coffee and water. Location and the room Staff were friendly. Shuttle service provided is very helpful for us to reach most attractions in seoul city Location, Room, View Convenience, shops surrounding & shuttle bus to airport Great and comfortable with easy access surrounding Location, large rooms, shuttle bus Overall it was a nice stay, good location close to subway station. Rooms are large for family. Breakfast was disappointing, beds were hard and room was VERY hot. Free shuttle to various tourist spots, big room and friendly staff Was pleased with the room and especially the shuttle services provided which saved us some transport costs. The house-keeping staff on our 2nd day of stay was nice to set the beds into a double bed on seeing that we have combined 2 beds together.will definitely come back on our next trips. Big bed, high speed internet and big room The room, comfort room and bed are big, but the closet has no shelves. I find it hard to arrange my undies andmother stuff because there are no shelves in the xloset. Near convenience store, big rooms & high speed internet We have to walk from the hotel to the airport limousine bus stop because we were not accomodated to the shuttle bus because we have so many luggages. We are 8 people in the group with two luggages each. We told the concierge the night before our check out that we are going to ride the 4 pm shutttle bus up to the limo bus stop and it was granted, but when our checked out day comes, we were not accomodated telling us that we have to wait for the 5pm shuttle because the 4pm bus is already full. High speed internet, big rooms and big beds. Our stay at the hotel was good but the price we pay was high compared to other hotels of the same kind. The hotel is also not popular to taxi drivers and they are not familiar with the location of the hotel. If I will come back to Seoul again, I will not stay in this hotel because there are lots of hotels just across shopping malls and very near the bus stations. Proximity to subway, myeondong and free shuttle service Our family's 2nd stay in 2 years. We chose PJ primarily because of the availability of a 3 bedder configuration. Overall experience is still good. Room is getting old but compensated by good staff service. Great upgraded room. Close to metro stations. Helpful staff. Nice. Nice room with balcony. Nice staff. 10 minutes from metro stations. Great. clean, good location, easy access to food it takes a few minutes to walk to the train station many food around and so can still eat at late night there is direct bus from the airport to the hotel good location, convenient, shuttle bus to underground very convenient with free shuttle bus to various underground stations, one of the lobby staff knows Cantonese sound more convenient in communications. breakfast is excluding so cannote rate it. Close to mtr ,food around ,clean The hotel is near to the mtr and is clean . There is a lot of food around the hotel Customer service, spacious, tidy and clean Generally good except the location and the accessibility to the Airport. Comfortable, clean and good service Free shuttle bus service nice brunch. good room. good service. happy, comfortable and safe. nice to stay here, a great experience” worth for money” Great rooms” Good location within 1-2 train stops to shopping” Great value for money” convenient location, close to restaurants” Japanese-speaking hotel” pleasant stay” PJ Hotel” Good Stay” Location to Metro...” Two night stay” spacious room” good hotel, npot so good location” Good” Travel at Seoul” 4 days at PJ” Friendly staffs, clean and free shuttle bus” comfy, convenient and worthwhile” Not as fantastic as what I thought” clean, near to subway and malls, shuttle bus we were here for 5 nights and we love our stay, the hotel is near the subway, and the malls and no problem when you want to stroll around because they have a shuttle bus to bring us to a nearby mall or places, its great location, big room space, free shuttle bus to shopping area till 2am. good choice in PJ, a lot of tourist information and advice where to go , friendly and helpful staff to provided all information. Best if the airport bus can stop at the hotel entrance. Now need to walk quite a long way. Large and clean rooms on the 9th floor, friendly staff, free shuttle service The rooms were great: spacious and kept clean by room service. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. You can keep your bags at the concierge before check-in. They also allowed us to keep them after check-out before we left for the airport. It's located conveniently near a train station (Chungmuro Exit 8) and even offered free shuttle service to the major shopping areas near the hotel, Myeongdong and Dongdaemun. Very happy with our stay here. We'd stay here again when we return and even recommend it to friends. Central Location, free shuttle service to tourist areas, 3min walk to subway station Good value for money Great staff, comfortable rooms and free shuttle service We booked a triple sharing room for 6 days with three single beds and a balcony. The room size was comfortable for three people. The staff speak English well and are always willing to assist. The downside is that the hotel is a block away from the train stations but there's an hourly free shuttle service to the train station and Myeongdong. convenient location, efficient check in and out ok, convenient to subway, close to restaurants Discount, language, amenities. Many staff spoke Japanese. This hotel is located in the middle of a few stations. Still within walking distance to Myeong-dong. As I booked at the last minute, I got a very good deal and huge discount. Therefore, I felt the room was more than worth the money that I paid. good location, friendly staffs & big clean room Hotel was close to 2 subway stations (Line 3/4 Chungmuro station-Exit 8 & Line 2/5 Euljiro 4Ga Station-Exit 10)& airport shuttle (6015)station. Free shuttle service provided to myeongdong & dongdaemun. Hotel room was huge and clean. Staffs were friendly and helpful. cleanliness, comfort Room was clean & comfortable. Many eateries next to the hotel. Location, convenience and spaciouness of room This was our first time staying in this hotel. We like the room and the staff performance. The hotel is located about 7 minutes walk from the subway station. However, the walk through the alley street is not safe for ladies at night since it is quiet and poorly lit. Free shuttle to the Metro, family rooms for quad sharing was extremely huge and spacious-perfect experience and hotel toiletries (face masks, facial soaps were awesome) PJ Hotel is actually a diamond in the rough! It's not a 5 star hotel as stated in Agoda it's a 4 star hotel. That said, our stay was perfect and very comfortable. I cannot speak for the smaller rooms, but I would recommend this hotel if you are traveling with your family. We got the quad bedroom suite. Upon arriving we were greeted with the most spacious room ever, with four large, soft, clean beds that were so comfortable. If you are traveling with your family this would be perfect. The other two beds were located in another bedroom, still inside the room. Yes it's that big. And the room rates were not bad at all. Didn't mind spending a little more as the rooms were all worth it. Only downside is that you really have to walk to get to the Metro. If you are carrying a lot of shopping bags it gets tiring. To compensate they offer free shuttle service to the tourist spots in the surrounding areas so take advantage of that. The quad room is one of the most spacious hotel rooms I have ever encountered, to think it's not even a presidential suite. Book this hotel! Location , great staff, clean Nice friendly staff that love to help. Breakfast choice very poor for westerners we had breakfast in one nearby cafe day 2. Great location, but need taxi for best restaurants. Good overall value for money. room size, room facilities, location Great room, location a bit far from myeongdong area. sraff, clenliness everything about this hotel is good except the location.. it is in the middle of a light industry setting, not upsacle. the hotel proivdes excellent shuttle transportation to popular shopping areas. Two blocks away from Chungmuro station and withing walking distance from MyongD Location, Shutte Bus, Enviroment Location, shuttle bus service, face mask it was a 4 days stay at PJ Hotel and for me this hotel has a very good location. They also provide shuttle bus to most tourist shopping area. Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, Namdaemun, Insadong.. all covered by hotel shuttle bus. We just need to have the time table of the bus and wait in the same place where we get off. Convenient stay, room is so so. Actually is an old hotel but already renovated so it is not bad. Friendly staffs, clean and free shuttle bus to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun until 2am I enjoy staying at PJ Hotel. They gave me a room at ladies' floor since both me and my friend are females. The hotel room is clean, spacious and surprisingly they provided facial masks and cleansing foam in the bathroom. The location is 1 and 2 stops away from Myeongdong, but the hotel provides free shuttle bus until 2am. Staffs are friendly and they speak good English. good location with shuttle bus service; comfortable rooms; nice and efficient staff It's my second stay in hotel PJ, all are excellent, it's a good experience. Room are big toilet are clean got balcony Location quite inaccessible. Have to walk 8 min to subway. But there is shuttle service to certain places. So still not too bad on it. Esp those room with three bed, their air con are not good, very hot and stuffy. VeryQuiet place with only one 24hrs mart outside the hotel, quite scary if walk alone to the mart during the night as surrounded with those mini factories or manufacturing place. Seldom have people there. Nice hotel with easy acess to subway” comfortable” recommended hotel” Good ” Comfortable!” Huge rooms” Free shuttle to major market place” good” comfort and friendly staffs” Comfortable stay” Clean n location is not bad” Pj hotel” extended our stay for another night” nice location” Good Location with free shuttle bus. ” Great stay in Seoul” good location ” good hotel” Great location” Free shuttle bus to shopping center” Location, Shuttle Service, nearby shops location food space Comfortable stay shuttle bus service, room cleanliness and comfy bed Convenient traffic Free shuttles, room size, clean The rooms are very spacious and comfortable. The location isn't the most ideal. They do have free shuttles to take you to locations around Seoul. There is no room service at all. There is a 24 hour mart located just behind the hotel. large rooms, near shopping area, near metro This is my second time back to PJ hotel. As usual, it is a value for money hotel. It is within walking distance to major attractions. Hotel has a bus to dongdaemun for midnight shopping. Great service and rooms are huge. Free shuttle & hotel location is near to airport bus station The airport bus reaches the Chungmuro station but you need to walk to the hotel (5 to 10 mins walk). The airport bus doesn't stop right in front of the hotel as what you thought location clean comfy staffs,services,room Near to train station, comfortable beds This hotel is located inbetween Eujiro 3, Eujiro 4 and chungmuro station. Making it one of the more convenient hotel spot. One look at it on the outside, you might find it boring. But the inside is well decorated. BEds are comfortable, but the pillow is so so. food, big room and balcony stayed in the triple room. Big room and balcony. Location is not bad, have to walk around to discover the small lanes around the hotel to see what restaurants are available. Good that hotel provide bus to town too. PJ hotel value for money, nice location, great hotel nice hotel, great location, value for money Free Shuttle Bus, Good Location, Room Standard Location, Helpful Staff, Clean and Quiet for Inner City Hotel Our stay at the PJ Hotel was extremely pleasant. When checking in our rooms were upgraded to suites - fantastic. The suites were very big and located at the end of the floor in the corner so very quiet. good location,comfort,cleanliness easy to go to downtown by shuttle bus clean room, polite staff, average price Proximity to shopping Great amenities, big room size and free shuttle bus Located away from Myeong Dong but the hotel provides free shuttle bus to drop by the highlight shopping malls. Also, Chungmuro station is the nearest subway by walking about 5 mins. Amenities in the room are great to provide the coffee maker, drinking water for staying period and facial mask for the first day. The staff were very professional and helpful!” Good shopping area in Seoul.” Good value for the money” Nice” Hotel is nice but not close to public transports ” A very nice hotel to stay. Friendly staff n clean ” very nice hotel” Its the size...” PJ Hotel” ok stay. not the location I was looking for.” Feeling good” very good and highly recommened to my friend” Clean and Comfortable room,fast check in and check” very good” Very good” Acceptable Hotel” quite good” Our stay was very pleasant, the rooms are big ” Nice hotel” Room is not big but comfortable” 3 best things are the staff first and foremost. Second was cleanliness of the room and hotel all around and third is the good price. We got really good value for our money! We had a very wonderful and pleasant stay! This hotel near city and hotel provide free shuttle bus to the scene. Room facilities include computer, free room wifi, etc. Good sevices & friendly. Free shuttle bus from to hot places i.e. Myeongdong & Dongdaemun Good size room, free shuttle to shopping centers, and nice buffet breakfast Near places that travellers interested Its quite good on the whole. But we saw cockroach in our room. Dont know if thats because we are too messy or not. Big rooms, good breakfast, clean The hotel website is not updated, we spending over half an hour Waiting for the hotel shuttle at a spot wrongly indicated by the site. Clean room, location n near to transport Good. Will visit this hotel again. Valuw for money clean, big room, comfortable the staff like to serve japanese rather than chinese size, location and english speaking staff We have been travelling to Seoul every month for the past 5-6 years for work. In the recent years, PJ hotel has been our hotel choice of stay mainly because of the size.. We used to stay in Myeongdong area(we tried Savoy, Metro, Skypark and Ibis hotel).. Its quite value for money as for the same cost of room for the hotels in Myeongdong, you will only get half the size of PJ..Very ideal if you are travelling with family or friends and when you need to do serious shopping.. Because you can open up your luggages all the way when you do your packing! Those who frequent the hotels in Myeongdong will know what I am talking about. True, it is not in the very center of all the shopping action but the hotel does provide shuttle bus to Myeongdong every hour and to Dongdaemun in the evenings.. So do plan your time around the bus schedule.. For hotel staff wise, they are quite attentive however trainees really need to have more training as they can be quite lost at times though they are very pro active..We will stay here again next month when are back in Seoul! Good Clean, big room, nice staff The hotel is not centrally located in Meongdong. It is quite far from the shopping centers. Clear direction to hotel and good location Feeling very well and good service, economies price located in the city. Very near bus and railway station traffice convenience, delicious food, traditional market convenience for shopping and traffic, must introduce to my friend Clean and Comfortable room,fast check in and check I stay here almost every month,will still come back again in future. room, service, food Stay was good. ROom was clean. Friendly services. service, food,room Stay was good. ROom was clean. Friendly services. Room is clean and tidy The room is clean however the hotel front door is terrible with too many flyers, which made us feel dirty. location is not the best but acceptable. Hotel provide shuttle bus to the attractions. nice room, can smoke quite nice spacious room, fast internet, shuttle service Location, Internet, Amenities Very Good I like the balcony and good location TWalkable distance to nearest shoppoing area very gd” comfortable and nice” Enjoyable stay” Pleasant stay” Comfortable, clean and convenient” Relaxing and convenient hotel. ” Good shopping experience with some family activity” Very comfortable hotel. ” romm is big and clean” Enjoyable shopping trip to seoul” Comfort bedding and good room size” happy” Quiet surroundings in a bustling city” Fully satisfy” Good” Awesome, great service and convenient” Good experience” relaxing stay with really large beds” near shopping area” Pleasant. Staff speaks good English.” tidy big room, comfortable, convenience Good Free shuttle bus, helpful staff & pleasure stay after endless shopping My friend has already reserved W Hotel during our Seoul trip, after first day, I just could not stand the hygiene / terrible smell of the hotel (or should be hostel?!). So I immediately looked for alternative. PJ Hotel showed up as no. 1 on Agoda and so I gave it a try. Unexpectedly, my stay was wonderful, single lady with heavy luggage, staff and even shuttle bus driver volunteered to help. Quick room service also, staff with fluent Mandarin / English speaking, clean and large room, quiet environment. What more can you ask for after your endless shopping in Seoul? However, still, I would suggest having overnight free shuttle bus to Dong Dae Mun, instead of last bus at around 2:00am. Thanks PJ~~I will definitely stay at PJ for my next Korea trip! Attentive staff shuttle service Cleanliness I have been staying in pj hotel for a few times and all my stays were pleasant. I even recommended to my friends and family Free shuttle buses to major attraction areas like myeongdong, dongdaemun, namdaemun and etc. Attentive and courteous staff. Hotel is very clean. Excellent shuttle to tourist areas. Great wifi.very helpful staff Very comfortable.saved a lot of taxi fare bec of the free shuttle.excellent wifi..but no good restaurant around the hotel..It's good that there is a good cafe(twosome place cafe) located in the building .the short walk from chungmuro station (airport bus stop)to the hotel is dark and scary. During our check out( 4 am) the staff suggested a different route for the airport bus stop and it's better,safer and well lighted..overall, we would gladly stay here again. The shuttle service, The friendly staff Very pleasant with very attentive service staff. But the location was in an industrial area although the shuttle service to the shopping areas made up for the relatively poorer location. Free shuttle service to major shopping and entertainment areas. The staff are very attentive and helpful. Quiet in the guest room area of the hotel. We enjoyed our stay. provide mask and cleaner for 1 night room is clean, big and enough for 3 person but the air-con control set in 25 deg. and feel very warm. Convenient location, shuttle bus services, nice & clean room. Very enjoyable for our first trip to Seoul as the hotel is very conveniently located plus extended hours of free shuttle service to Myongdong & Dongdaimun area. Airport shuttle is also available around the corner. A few subway stations are within walking distance which makes shopping accessible in addition to plenty of restaurants & cafe around the hotel. * Free shuttle bus service to main shopping districts. * The conceige team was well versed in English, friendly and polite. * There were nice cafes and restaurants around the hotel (about 5mins walk) Service Comfort Convenience The room is spacious compared to many hotels in this price range, and we loved the balcony over-looking the city. We stayed at PJ Hotel for a business trip and loved our time there. Having previously stayed in the heart of Myeongdong shopping district where the hustle & bustle became quite unbearable at times, PJ Hotel's location gave us the quiet time we need, away from busy tourist-filled streets. Hotel states that it is 15 mins walk to Myeongdong itself, however we preferred to take a taxi to major areas at a very reasonably fare. Between USD3 to USD$6 to Myeongdong, Dongdaemun and Namdaemun, and about USD$7 to USD$9 to Gangnam/Shinsadong, which is across the bridge. Would definitely return for future visits! Internet was great, and having outdoor balconies allowed us to smoke without having to trek down to the street. Friendly staff Good location Good service Stay at this hotel close to shopping mall. Hotel also provide free shuttle bus... Good service, clean, have shuttle bus Great Service, friendly staff, convenient to subway. Awesome stay. Fast check in and check out. Friendly and attentive staff. Location is abit far from main shopping area, but was made up with free shuttle bus running to and fro. Convenient to take subway from both sides of hotel, and airport shuttle bus also near the hotel. Would stay in this hotel when back in Seoul. Service, clean, location comfortable, relaxing, shuttle bus readily available to major shopping districts The hotel was a little hard to find during our 1st day, but taxis in Seoul are all equipped with GPS so it's not as disastrous as we thought. Hotel room is smaller than we expected but it came with a really huge bed so i guess that's where the space went to. TV is a little small though. The bathroom lights and aircon were spoilt on our 2nd day, but the engineer came pretty quickly to solve the matters. They have self service washing machine, dryer & iron readily available as well. one major plus point is they have shuttle to Myeong Dong & Namdemun in the morning-evening, Dongdaemun at night till 2am. it's really helpful as a walk to Chungmuro Station takes about 10min, and that exit (exit 8) has no escalator so it's pretty tiring after a long day of shopping. near shopping area near shopping area Good English, attentive, free shuttle to shopping area It was pleasant. However, it might be inconvenient to walk around the hotel area as it looked a little dodgy. However, the regular shuttle bus to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun ensured that guests can easily access these shopping areas. The shuttle bus also drops guests at the nearest airport bus stop and you will be near a train station if you want to go further. However, the bus might be too small for the number of guests and you might end up having to stand. Great” spacious room” Superb, though with slight flaws” Fast and central located” Convenient! Consider coming back again!” Love their shuttle bus services till 2am!” Great experience for the family.” Great Location with complementary shuttle service” A very satisfying stay at the hotel” Very convenient hotel” Nice hotel with a good location and staff..” Spacious room with balcony” Very spacious room compare to other hotels” Free Shuttle Bus and fast Wifi” Nice Hotel” its good” Value for money” A divine hotel in Seoul ” Clean, modern hotel in the heart of Seoul.” Great Stay ” Staff accessibility Great very awesome and very accomodating staff and good service at all spacious room, clean and tidy Big rooms, shuttle bus service and good location We booked a quad room for 4 persons and were upgraded to a bigger family room on the ladies floor. Room amenities were good, with daily facial sheets provided and good quality aveda products. The bed and pillows were also of good quality. Our only gripe was that the drainage in the shower was poor and our toilet was flooded almost everyday. The staff were notified but the problem recurred. Service staff was friendly and approachable. We met with a slight misunderstanding during check out as our payment on agoda was written in USD but the hotel staff insisted on charging us Korean won when it wasn't stated anywhere during our booking process or on our confirmation chit. It wasn't a huge amount difference but we just felt that agoda should have communicated with the hotel to prevent such problem from happening again as it was quite disruptive and inconvenient. Location was good despite all the other reviews. The area was an industrial area but we found good eateries, Paris Baguette and other food around the area. The hotel was situated 5 min walk away from euljiro 3 ga, euljiro 4ga and chungmuro and it was a blessing as it connected us to all the different subway lines. The hotel shuttle bus was fantastic as it shuttled us to the main shopping areas (esp for us girls) and allowed hop on n off service.. absolutely fabulous as we saved on transport money. Being away from the crowded myeong dong and dongdaemun also meant we were not subjected to crazy crowds and noise at night. Overall it's a lovely hotel and I can't wait to revisit again! *just hope they'll overhaul the drainage system soon! Shuttle buses, friendly staff and fast room service it was great with shuttle buses running in intervals which goes to most of the tourist locations. The staff is very friendly and able to speak multi languages. the only setback is that some of the rooms are old. The shuttle bus service. Staffs are polite. Hotel is relatively clean! At first we were unhappy as we couldn't get an early check in after a long flight. We were exhausted yet have to wait for 4 hours for check in at 2pm. The particular female staff who told us the hotel was fully booked and there are no rooms available could have been more friendly and apologetic sounding. Either than this we were very pleased with the hotel. The rest of the staff was very friendly!! I like the fact that the hotel places a staff outside the hotel to help hotel guests hire cabs!! The guy with the hat is very friendly and helped us to tell the taxi driver in Korean where we want to go and even helped us with our luggages! There is also a free shuttle bus service! The awesome thing about it is- It runs all day till 2am. If you go to places like dongdaemun till late, you just have to hop onto the shuttle bus back to the hotel! It goes to many touristy areas! Free shuttle bus to Mydeong and Dongdaemum till 2am, Comfortable and big hotel room, accessible to their train services and have airport shuttle. Enjoyable and comfortable. Love their shuttle bus that make our shopping so much more convenient as we dont have to rush for the last train and yet get fetch to our hotel doorstep even at 2am. Free wi-fi services and was of good connection. Hotel was very comfortable and bed was sore. Airport shuttle is available 5min walk away and 24 hr convenient store are nearby for our supper treats Shuttle service, high speed internet, nearby restaurants Great comfort, with attentive staff and housekeeping service Location, shuttle service, space Overall good experience, location was close to shopping. Shuttle bus service was a definite plus. Major negative remark was though our room was a non smoking room, it was obviously occupied by smokers. hotel did not enforce its policy when it provided ashtrays. Good service, clean and comfortable room, easy access to places I would definitely recommend staying at PJ Hotel. It has easy access to different places, free shuttle, near metro stations, safe hotel (not a love hotel), clean and comfortable rooms and staff are very helpful. Good customer service, clean and centrally located Pj Hotel has good customer service and everyone speaks English. It offers shuttle service to a few drop off locations which makes everything much easier. The room that we stayed in was comfortable and clean with amenities available. Very convenient to walk to metro stations and it has airport shuttle service a few steps away from the hotel. The best thing of this hotel is the free shuttle bus going to shopping area, the location near to everywhere, and the room are very big with balcony in outside.. Free shuttle to shopping district, convenient location, spacious room The stay was pleasant. Rooms are spacious and easy access from airport to hotel. Staff are friendly and understands English well Our stay was very comfortable. Rooms are spacious and has big beds. Has free shuttle bus. Would recommend others and would definitely stay again. Good location, Free Shuttle Bus and fast Wifi Definitely will stay here again. Good Location,Free Shuttle Bus, Very helpful staffs Nice hotel and very comfortable bed.Free shuttle bus. Staffs are very helpful, Hotel location close to train station. nice staff cleaniness, bed comfortability, helpful staffs A pleasant stayed, many local eateries just a stone throw away. Subway station only few mins walks away. However , is pretty dark if walks at night. Friendly and helpful staff, cozy and tidy room, reasonable price It was a very good experience considered with the price. The staff were friendly and helpful with cheering smile and fluent Chinese. The room service was good and the room was always tidy and comfortable. Though the location was not that ideal, we highly recommend to our friends this wonderful hotel. Location, cleanliness, convenience The hotel was quite good, but a tad overpriced. It's right in the centre of downtown Seoul, but oddly a good half-hour walk away from the nearest metro station. Clean room, English speaking staff and stable wifi. It was a pleasant stay. Shuttle bus is provided to nearby shopping area like myeong doing, Namdaemun, dongdaemun and others. Airport bus and subway station is nearby. Comfortable and pleasant stay” Flexible and great Ladies Floor” Close to subway, clean, value for money” Clean, comfortable hotel.” Good location, near bus and mrt, free shuttle” Locating where can take public transport easily.” Great stay! ” City hotel with free shuttle” Spacious room for a triple bed room and clean. ” Will definately return!” Nice hotel, but slightly odd location” Hotel in a good condition” Great Stay” good hotel clean and good service” My first time Korean trip was awesome” Comfortable, convienent and quiet” Shuttle to shopping center & Airport” Free Shuttle to shopping center, Free WiFi” Great hotel and good value for money” Nice Korean Hotel” Friendly staffs, convenient location and clean Pleasant and comfortable. Will recommend to friends who wants to stay in the city area in Seoul. Flexibility of staff, Safety of guests and modern fixtures of rooms Hotel staff and concierge were kind to accept our luggage a for safe keeping before checking-in as we arrived early and the time we check out, too. Love the Ladies Floor they gave us as I and my daughter feel more safe and secure. With a foot massager, complete hair dryer/iron, etc. Thanks for a lovely stay at PJ hotel. Close to subway, clean, value for money close to Jeil clinic Location. Convenient transfer to/from airport. Free shuttle service to main shopping areas. Clean and comfortable rooms. Easy access via airport shuttle to/from airport. Free shuttle service to main shopping areas very useful. Staffs tried their best but somehow still lacking the ability to communicate/understand in English. Book the triple room instead the deluxe - worth the extra $$. Free shuttle, near mrt/airport bus and clean room. Good hotel to stay in. fast internet, clean, private balcony, extra water can be gathered in hallway dispenser. fast internet, free shuttle, bad side no toothbrush and very strict in check-in time. We arrived at 1:10pm but they still wouldn't allow us to check in, got to check-in at 1:45pm. the cosy room / location / lobby simple decoration PJ hotel is a good choice for who planned to ski near Seoul. After the night flight, before going to ski field on the next day, stay in the hotel that locating near the town, also can access the ski transport easily, really gave us a good break and recovery, with well prepare in physically for the heavy ski activities in the next few days. it is also good for shopping and dinning, as by the free transport routes that provided by the hotel. Shuttle bus service, near shopping area, located in btw 2 subway stations It's a pleasant stay with pj hotel. There is shuttle bus to main shopping areas every hourly till midnight. The hotel is located in btw 2 subway stations which is within walking distance, that's convenient to travel around. Twin room has a lovely and cosy balcony. However they are very strict in the check out and check in timing. No early check in and there will be a charge if u check out after 12.30pm. extra large king size bed, bus shuttle, reasonable pricing Not bad, though not exactly centralized. No problem finding the hotel from Chungmuro station. Hotel staff plus housekeeping service is good. Route to hotel and the exterior look of hotel is not impressive. Bus shuttle to various popular sights and areas of interest is useful. This is one up on other hotels. Clean, spacious, comfortable Avoid breakfast. Dislike the stairs necessary to reach the hotel main entrance. Apart from this, hotel is comfortable, spacious for 3 bed- bedroom with balcony! Room service is fast and cleanliness is great. Rooms are clean, big and great shuttle bus service We booked three rooms for the family. They offer 3 single beds which not many hotel have. Rooms and the bathrooms inside are big and clean. Also the hotel offer 2 route shuttle bus service to major shopping area! Friendly Staff, nice balcony, great rooms This was very nice hotel overall. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the rooms were very nice, but it's a very nice hotel with less than nice buildings surrounding it. It is a convenient location and close to restaurants, great shopping, and the subway, but the side street that it is on is very run down and dirty. Other than the odd location, it is great. Maybe that street will catch up with the quality of the hotel in the future. Clean; good space; shuttle bus In general, it is good. The Metro station is at a walking distance comfortable, big room, clean It was a comfortable stay, I have 3 people in total and requested for a triple room. The room was very spacious even for 3 of us. The room is clean. However it wasn't easily found when I first came out of the metro station. It took us a fair bit of walk before reaching the hotel. The hotel is located in a relatively not so poshy suburbs, however it is only 1 or 2 metro station away from the main shopping and sightseeing district. location service bed good hotel with good location and great service and staff Room is nice Stuff can speak Japanese and are kindly I could not find teens brush...why??? Other was awesome !!!! I will come back ^^ easy access to subway, nonsmoking rooms, very helpful staff Short walk to everything we wanted: subway, shopping, resturants and back to subway for the airport. Free Wifi, Frequency shuttle, Free Wifi everywhere, Easy to access Nice size room, hi speed free wifi, and close to line 2 subway station I enjoyed my stay here and would definitely stay again. Hi speed free wifi available in the rooms, good location next to the subway stage line 2. Friendly staff and good value for money. Near to train station, affordable pricing and clean rooms Free ice cubes machine outside room was cool. Accessibility to train interchange. Generally fuss free no frills hotel. Will go again” Good” Good value for money” Hotel room was ok. No more, no less ” It is a good place for shopping and dinning.” Comfortable hotel with good service ” Great place to stay!” great hotel Downtown” Accessible ” Nice hotel with free shuttle bus service..” Nice hotel with free shuttle bus service..” Nice hotel with free shuttle bus service..” Good” Room is big, 2 beds inside, 1 large, 2 single” seoul is nice city, there are so many boutique” Very convenient and comfortable” near Myeongdong” recommended city hotel” Excellent choice, value for money” Good location, in the middle of everything...” Nice, tidy & spacious room. Nice staff, near town Staff are polite, good location Staff are polite and helpful. Good location and good shuttle bus services. Like the discounted room rates. Rooms are clean and spacious. Quiet and many food shops around. High speed wifi. the staff were friendly, the bathroom had a bathtub, and the breakfast had a bood variety It was nice and relaxing. The staff were skilled at speaking English. I like the loaction even though the hotel is a little hard to find at first. It is located in the vecinity of Myeong-dong with city hall and Jongro nearby as well. I got a discount because I cam during lunar New Year, otherwise the hotel would have been outside of my price bracket. The hotel is quite close to the shopping area in Myeongdong (shuttle available). The batroom was clean and internet was fast. The hotel room is ok. It is not top class so do not pay for it. I had a huge discount according Agoda and I would not pay the full 120$ for the simple rooms. The subway is 200m away. The room is large in space; it is comfortable and the staff are polite. comfortable room, centrally located and friendly & helpful staff My stay in PJ Hotel was satisfactory. The location is centrally located and easy to access, staff are helpful and friendly and most of the staff have fair english skills that they can communicate well with customers. The room is clean and comfortable though the size of family triple room is abit small. Not big enough space to put 3 luggage cases. Friendly Staff, Good and Quiet Location, Near local Transportation Superb location, near attractions, Clean rooms and friendly staff Location, friendly staff, room size Quiet, queen size bed and accessible. Reached the hotel at about 9am due to our flight. Went to the reception counter 3 times before we can check in at 2pm. Early check in is not possible which is quite bad for us as our flight arrived at 6am. There was no place for us to rest and it was very cold outside on the day of our arrival. Room was ok with queen size bed and bathroom has a lot of handles to help the handicap. Location for the hotel can be considered accessible because there are shuttle buses to go to myeong dong and lotte (shopping centre? ). Inaccessible bcoz a lot of taxi drivers don't know the hotel by the short form PJ, they know it by its previous name. Upon check out, the free shuttle bus can also drop u by the airport limo bus station which is only a few mins away and it is really very helpful if u are carrying a lot of luggages. Will be better if the hotel includes breakfast with the room price. Nice hotel with free shuttle bus service, big room, free wifi internet access.. The location close to Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, and the other area.. Nice hotel with free shuttle bus service, big room, free wifi internet.. The location close to Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, and the other shopping area.. Nice hotel with free shuttle bus service, big room, free wifi internet access.. The location close to Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, and the other area.. Easy access to subway, reasonable rate, clean room Generally positive. Left my passports in the hotel after arriving at the airport. Contacted the hotel staff and they waste no time to retrieve my passports and deliver to me at the airport. Great service and efficiency. room size , free shuttle bus go to shopping area every hours until 2am. nice location, 5 mins walk to mtr station or bus station, restaurant and mini store. Convenient comfortable price ok Comfortable, convenient, easy to find, will consider to come back next time near Myeongdong and Dongdaemun, quite convenieny for shopping and dining; the hotel is quite near the Metro Good location, nice room and each room has a decent size balcony Location: it's situated in a quiet district and 5 minutes walk to Chungmuro subway station. 1 stop away from major touris areas like Myeong-dong and Dongdaemun etc. Hotel is clean and has a nice balcony. Family room with 3 single beds is just nice for family with kids Location, location, location Overall it's a very nice stay, service is great, but the first night I parked car in the street near by hotel, but I found I have been charged a lot of money next day. big room and clean” Decent, good value” Comfortable, convenient and free shuttle bus” good service and location.” Helpful staff.” Stay is comfortable” Pleasant Stay” nice hotel and comfortable ” Had fun in Seoul…but it was freezing.” I will consider PJ Hotel again in my next trip! ” nice and comfortable” It is ok” very nice” It was really nice hotel to stay in Seoul” Clear / nice service” nice hotel” Clean, Affordable, Friendly Staff” Cleanliness, Friendly staff, centrally located” Cleanliness, Friendly staff, centrally located” i like the convenient location.” big room and clean the location of hotel is slightly far from Myengdong shopping area. It is a great hotel with big room. The room is clean and easy to find. quality of room for the price - speedy check-in and -out; frequent shuttle bus services all day free; comfortable pillow and beddings; 5-minute away from subway Transportation-wise, PJ Hotel is located at a very easily accessible location: Airport bus #6015 alighted at PJ Hotel Station with a 5-minute walk to the hotel. Frequent shuttle buses connecting Myeongdong (morning) and Dongdaemun (evening till midnight) which are just 5 to 10 minutes away. Near by subway, 5 minutes walk to Chungmuro Station. Dinning-wise, there are some local restaurants, cafe, coffee shops, convenient stores nearby PJ Hotel at your choice. The local hotpot restaurant located on the right-handed corner in the main entrance of the hotel (facing external to the hotel) is a really good one. It offers bargain and tasty stew pork hotpot in hot soup at very economical price. 5 of us (3-adult; 2-kids) just 24,000 won for a lunch hot pot. The BBQ shop nearby airport bus stop #6015 with yellow theme colour was offering very high quality of beef, we had ordered an assorted beef set and a stone rice, the charges was approximately 125,000 won. You can also choose to have f&b at PJ Hotel also. However, on Sunday, majority of the local restaurants will be closed. Therefore, choices will be significantly limited. Stay-wise, we booked a triple room, it is not a very spacious room, neither the beds but the balcony is really big. Having said that, the room is clean, tidy with quality ventilation, comfortable pillow and beddings. Toothbrushes were not provided, instead 3-pack of mask was provided for free. We did enjoy our stay in PJ Hotel. comfortable room, good location, good staff. Their staff are warm and helpful, althought the hotel location is a bit far from the subway but still worth to stay. Room is spacious, clean. My stay is comfortable. The twin sharing bedroom is spacious. However, they have no hotel bus transfer service. Convenience, good customer service and comfort The stay was a pleasant one. Hotel staff is friendly and helpful. Most staff can communicate in English and prepared to help. Adequate tourist information was available. Shuttle service was well planned and provided for. big and comfortable room, clean and nice environment Easy to find, clean rooms everyday, and near shopping area My stay at PJ Hotel was fine. There was a bathroom that was NOT see-through, which was something not all the hotels in Seoul have. The hotel also provided one (1) free bottle of water per guest everyday - not that I ever finished one bottle in my stay. There IS a airport shuttle to the hotel but you will have to walk for a bit to get to the airport shuttle station. Also, the hotel has 2 subway stations nearby within walking distance and you can use that to get to anywhere you want…via subway train though. Please note WHEN you are going to to Seoul because I had my vacation in November and I was freezing! Both in the day time and night…especially at night. So if you are going to Seoul during fall or winter, bring alot of warm clothes! Fast Check In/ ChecK out, Helpful Staff, Big Comfortable Room Chosen PJ Hotel due to special rate on Agoda, and saw that it's room size wasn't small- What I was looking for. Location of the Hotel does not feel 4 Star, however the Service Level of the Staff was excellent. Very helpful people to show directions/ recommend places to eat. Love the heated toilet bowl! near to subway and have hotel shuttle buses, staff speaks english and is helpful, nice price comfortable stay, clean and good facilities. downside is the cafe opens only at 830am and closes at 730pm. bed was big but average. pillows are too soft. in between 2 station, eurijo 3 and 4. its easier to work from 3 to the main entrance. 2 stops to cityhall and no more than 5stops from most major city sights. Room clean, comfortable, staff is helpful The location is not reli as good as mentioned The road to the hotel is quite dark and quite at night from subway But room is clean and comfortable Staff are very polite and helpful clean, easy access, fast internet Nice room, good design , good location Pretty nice place, clean room. We loved the design of the room! Room clear / quiet friendly, clean, large room nice hotel, friendly staff with clean rooms. Hotel has a small bus that stops at a few tourist destinations all day for no charge.. The room has a pod coffee maker and a refrigerator with bottled water. Accessible because of the round the clock shuttle service, friendly staff, comfortable rooms. Cleanliness, Friendly staff, centrally located Cleanliness, Friendly staff, centrally located room is big, location is good & they provide shuttle bus to tourist area The stay were great & we love the place. Only disadvantage is we need to climb up the stairs to reach the lobby. We have stroller with us & everyday we need to carry up & down. Secondly, the room we stay in we face problem with the toilet flush. No feedback from staff whether it was fixed & we ended up face the problem the following night. Great hotel, friendly staff and centrally located.” comfortable and clean” No breakfast and room service, ” Nice service but location quite hard to find. ” Comfortable stay” Friendly staff high tech room clean comfortable” Comfortable” Centrally located hotel with comfortable rooms” Clean and spacious” Overall, the stay have been quite pleasant.” A cosy, neat, and convenient hotel” Comfortable spacious room” The stay was great and the place is quiet.” Excellent” superb” Good location,near the shopping area” good location” PJ Hotel” Great value if you get good deal” walking distance to dongdaemun and namdaemun” Safe for Travellers with kids Great hotel near transport hubs with good restaurants nearby. Also near to shopping center. Area is safe so it's great for Travellers with young kids in tow. Family oriented hotel and the rooms were big. There is also a shuttle bus from e airport that stops at a bus stop within a 5 minutes walk From the hotel location, clean rooms the hotel had good and central location, clean and spacious room, very comfortable beds, friendly staff. to bad they don't have room service Good location, Good staff service No breakfast and room service, therefore put a 2 in food. Staff service are good and have a great location too. Room is a little small to me. service, service, service. Just for tourist who familiar with seoul or did a lot of preparation before trip, cos we get lost lots of time, and the people from the neighbour can't really tell the exact location of the hotel. Beside all that, PJ hotel overall is quite good especially their staff are really helpful and able to provide lots of useful infomation. Spacious room, comfortable bed and friendly staff Friendly hotel staff, spacious room and bathroom. Clean large room close to transport Comfortable stay no room service terrible t.v directed towards Korean and Japanese guests with only three English channels of 55 and those being news and fashion the rest Asian Near subway stations, good location, bus shuttle to dongdaemun & myeongdong clean rooms, good service and fast internet We stayed in PJ hotel for 5 nights and the overall experience was good. We hope that the hotel can improve on their shuttle bus service. We tried to take the shuttle service at 7pm but it was full and we had to lug our luggage to the airport limousine bus stop which is quite a distance away. At the same time, many customers were turned away as the shuttle bus was full. Perhaps the hotel can increase the shuttle service frequency from hourly to half hourly. Overall the stay was great and the food at a Omori (nearby eatery recommended by the hotel) was great. Clean, spacious and in middle of town Friendly and Helpful Staff. Centrally Located with easy access to the Metro. Free hotel shuttle services to key areas in the city The best thing the hotel has going for it is it's staff. The staff are very helpful and friendly and is able to communicate well in various languages including English. They have certainly tried to make our stay as pleasant as possible and even accommodating a room change when the first room had too much of a cigarette smell. It was a bit odd that a no smoking sign was put along an ashtray. convenient transportation, nice views, and quiet environment Staying here is a nice experience.It is very close to subway stations, and is very easy to purchase things needed. To sum up it, the hotel is recommended. Comfortable spacious room with nice bedding. Comfortable spacious room with nice bedding. Relaxed after finishing the long day work in Korea. There is a espresso machine with coffee capsules in the room. You can enjoy a cup of good coffee but not the ordinary 3 in 1. The room rate can be far different depending on the date you book. 1. Free shuttle services to the shopping areas. 2. Nearby many eateries and coffee places. 3. It's quiet The stay was good. I preferred the bigger room that my brother had booked for the family. It was so much bigger. Good location, polite staff and comfortable bed Excellent. Will recommend to my friend. Value for money. comfortable bed, clean, big room this is my second time staying at pj hotel. as i expected we had a great nights there. the room is big and spacious, clean bathroom, comfortable bed, quiet surrounding, has balcony, and fluffy pillow with fast internet. its like sleeping in heaven. you will love staying at this hotel because of the comfiness. they provide shuttle bus as well every 5 minutes to the chungmuro station so its very convenient. good location ,clean room, budget saving Perfect, good location and easy to go shopping, a lot of restaurants around. location, clean, big bed Very good stay, very comfortable room with a big bed. the location is good for restaurants, shopping ad sightseeing. good good good Excellent shuttle service, central location, very friendly staff We had to pay almost rack rate for this stay (almost double the price of the normal discount price) so not as good a deal. Also, their internet connection was spotty in our room thiis time. However, overall this is a decent value clean rooms, complete room amenities (incl. facial mask), and good staff The service was good, friendly staff, very clean room and bathroom with complete amenities. Excellent. Good for shopping.” Nice an comfortable stay” Good value. Great for tourists/shopping” Hotel Staffs were excellent” shopping very good” nice hotel with walking distance to Myeong-dong” Nice Hotel” Location is good” Myeong dong shopping of cosmetics, facial mask” Good clean no frills family hotel” It was a good place to stay ” Great Location” Convenient and Friendly” Good Luck” value for money hotel” good” The Premier Twin Room has the best sitting area! ” Good English with best service” a bit far from town, but very good service” can go shopping and sight seeing” Goo.d location. Cozy room and bed. Hotel Staff very polite Very good. We found some problem of our toilet on the first day. Hotel staff come and fix it out within 5 min. Spacious, New and Clean The stay in this hotel along my trip in seoul is excellent. Hotel is providing free internet in room and we lucky to have free room upgrade with balcony that seeing Seoul Tower without blocking. Room is super clean and free shuttle bus to MyeongDong shopping street, DongDaeMun (till 2am), NanDaeMun, Gwangjang Market for dinner and LOTTE duty free. The bus start pretty frequent at 15mins during day time. Only drawback is no excellent food observed around the hotel. Cheap. Nice Room. Nothing special Im not a tourist so nearby attractions were of no use to me Just tested it out as it was a cheap 5 star Clean, shuttle service and friendly service staffs Pleasant, absolutely great! You cant find better service in Singapore. That's for sure. 1.shopping 2.shopping 3.shopping they just shopping everyday, nothing to do , maybe feel some boring time tidy room, nice staff and easy access to all the attractions the room we got is for the disable people, but the good things are the bathroom is quite large, the hotel has shuttle bus but we didn't use them since it's only walking distance to Myeong-dong, about 10mins. Friendly staff, clean room and close to shopping areas. I and my friend stayed there this mth for 4 night. When we checked in we were given a free upgrade to their suite as they run out of the regular room we booked. The room was spacious and very well equipped. I was really impressed with the hotel. Location is perfect, right where you want to be: easy access to subways, a short walk from Myeong-dong. Their free shuttle service is also a huge plus. The staff were all very friendly and super helpful. Will definitely stay here again. Near subway, near airport bus Staff are friendly and attentive, subways are in walkable distance, room is not THAT clean which they should improve the house keeping services. Cheap, clean, close to Myeong dong Lots of Japanese stay there, room clean and tidy, with balcony, convenient shuttle bus to subway, staff friendly and helpful, breakfast simple but ok Price Internet close to transport Staff could not be faulted,extremely friendly and "go out of their way" helpful to dumb foreignors . A bit of a walk to shopping centres , but the hotel shuttle bus leaves every 15 minutes in the morning and every hour up to 6pm. Free shuttle bus, staff were polite, fast check in My stay in PJ it was a pleasant good stay and I love staying there as they have a complimentary shuttle bus which you can locate for shopping in the day and night. I'm happy as the reception in the hotel is helpful and polite. Great Location for Shopping and Food, Free Shuttle to shopping area, 3mins to Airport Limousine Stop Enjoyed the stay at PJ Hotel. Close to most Shopping area. Internet access at rooms and lobby. Friendly staff. Fast Check-in. Clean Room. Free drinkable hot water and ice, Free shuttle bus, good service - breakfast choices limited and serves the same foods everyday. - The long pillows causes sore neck Kindness,Fresh,Smooth Happy time is best good time. This Hotel sttaf is very kind. Thank you for PJHOTEL. value for money, not very far from Myeungdong, free shuttle bus overall hotel is good, although the surrounding is not really Myeungdong shopping area, but more on local commercial area for printing, etc... We need to walk about 15mins to Myeungdong shopping area, however you can choose to use the free shuttle bus from hotel that depart every 15mins in the morning, and about every 1hour in the afternoon. There are also several good and not very expensive local foods near the hotel. Overall, the hotel is value for money. The staffs are very nice with convenient services. They are easy to approach. The Premier Twin Room has the best sitting area; Friendly staff; Clean Room. No lift from street level to the lobby at the main entrance, you have to walk up the stairs. Well... which is a good exercise! Staff will help with your luggage, so no worries. Good in English, Good in service, Shuttle bus easy Counter staff good in english, better than teenager of seoul, they have best service with smile. nearby airport shuttle and room is nice good location with nice staff Hotel JP is a very new hotel with nice staff and wonderful design. It's located in the middle of 3 metro stations which is very convenient. And the hotel also provides shuttle bus to Mengdong and dongdamen. Pleasant stay” Good ” Okay but not very accommodating.” nice room,quick wifi, comfort bed” Clean room, friendly staff, free shuttle bus” Excellent service, attentive staff” Nice staying in PJ” It was very close to public transportation ” Nice stay” great location and very friendly staffs” Comfortable and value for money” Very good for a 4 star hotel” Clean room,centrally location” Comfortable, spacious, good customer service.” PERFECT FOR SHOPPING GOERS!” Value for money” Nice place in the middle of the city” nice environment, friendly staff” Stayed 4 nights, wished we could stay longer” Good location and value” Attentive and friendly stuff, free shuttle bus to major shopping areas and clean and comfortable room Location is not fantastic but excellent hotel and staff services make up for it. The room condition is good, clean & large room. Hotel provided shuttle bus to Myeong-dong and Dongdaemun, airport bus only walk 5 minutes to hotel and close to subway Hotel upgrade our family and we enjoy the stay so much, hotel staff are willing to help us and very nice, highly recommend Size of room, shuttle to areas of interest, lift for baggage It was generally okay but a bit far from downtown. Although it was minimal, they also charged me for a local call (200 won). That was surprising, but not in a pleasant way. Lastly, they asked for an additional fee when I asked if a late check-out was possible. Our stay in Ibis Myeong-dong was much better. nice room, quick wifi, convenient shuttle bus Clean room, friendly staff, free shuttle bus Room is clean with daily room service. Staff can speak basic english and can provide guidance on travelling routes to tourist attractions. Shuttle bus moves off at a 30min-1hr interval to nearby shopping areas. Clean large rooms, great amenities and wonderful view Got quite a good rate for the this hotel through Agoda, and at first did not expect much from it. However, I was totally wrong. It has one of the best service staff that were really very attentive to all guest and offer to help whenever they can. Rooms were large in terms of Asian standards and had a private balcony. Room amenities were superb as with the fast internet access. Every level of the hotel lobby had a different theme worth checking out as it was rather opulent. 1) Free city shuttle bus 2) Close to airport bus stop and metro lines 3) Good for value I checked in on my birthday, but no special services provided after asking. This can be improved for better personal touch services. Staff, clean room, service It was very fast check in and out. Airport bus was close to the hotel and it was easy to access to the public transportation. Comfortable, clean Good location, convenient, great stay, nice room, easy access to subway 1. location 2. size of room 3. friendly and helpful staffs my stay at the PJ hotel was truly fantastic. Since the purpose of my trip this time is for shopping, the location of this place perfectly accomodated my needs and desire. the food and restros around are also very good. Cleaniness, friendly and attentive staff and hotel shuttle service to shopping/sightseeing places. It was a very pleasant stay over at PJ hotel. It was really clean and all the staffs are really attentive. they have good communication skills as they are rather familiar with different languages. the room provided was big and comfortable, really value for the money paid to stay in this hotel. Spacious room with a balcony, a ladies floor, convenient water station, free shuttle service to key areas of interest. Overall very good. The staff were also friendly and helpful. except for the guy who dispatches the shuttle vans who was not pleasant. It is also not good service to hotel guests that at 4am, the concierge cannot help departing guests with their luggage to go to Cheongdukgong station to catch the airport limousine bus. Fast check-in and check-out,Free shuttle bus,Friendly staff PJ Hotel located centrally, easy access to airport limousine and public transport. Room is clean and comfortable. Friendly and helpful staff and thank you for the complimentary city shuttle bus. Customer Service, spacious, comfortable Difficult to find. There was not much signs guiding us(we took the 6015 shuttle bus). We did not cross the main street and bravely took our chance walking along the alley and luckily, it was the correct direction. FREE SHUTTLE TO SHOPPING DESTINATIONS perfect! we got free upgrade to double twin..free shuttle to all shopping destinations which help us save so much on cab fare. I will skip the subway because the walking distance within the station is very far! Room size, location, free wifi This is the first time to consider and stay in PJ, many things are out of expectations, although it is not located at the centre of myeong dong, we can still easily go to the tourist spots by subway, even by taxi, the fare is not high. The room is super large and very clean, good condition and have good quality wifi. Will consider to stay at PJ again when visit Seoul next time. location breakfast and room size The stay was ok, getting bags up and down is a bit hard although they have a service but staff are not always available when you need them. free shuttle service, friendly staff and easy access to other spots staff is nice and helpful, the customer service is good Felt very welcome with good service, within walking distance from Euljiro-1-ga train station, very clean and comfortable room 5 mins walk from Euljiro-1-ga train station along lines 2 and 3. A few simple local eateries nearby. However, after 8pm, there was hardly any shops open. There was a confectionery at the train station that was open most of the time. Service was excellent, staff were all ready to serve and understood simple English. Stayed 4 nights and was upgraded to a big room. Very clean room and towels were replaced daily. Cost, room size, service We found the hotel very good, and depending on the deal you can get, great value. It is a little way from the main Myeongdong shopping and market area - about a 10 min walk, but they have frequent free shuttle buses. The airport shuttle doesn't come right to the hotel, the nearesst stop being a 5 min walk away Clean, decent, budget” Enjoyable stay in a good location” It was great! Location, wifi & services were good” Clean and Polite ” comfortable stay. will come again” Cheap price for clean room” great value of money!” A very enjoyable get away!” Convenient and comfortable” Good location to explore seoul” Nice and clean” Great hotel in a great working neighborhood.” Recommended!” Clean, efficient, friendly staff” Superb hotel with great location” Nice hotel” wonderful” Ok hotel, nothing special” Good for 1 night” its near to shopping area myeong dong,” Convenient, clean, friendly staff PJ Hotel is a nice clean hotel that is quite convenient. It's location is a bit hidden but close to the train as well as some main shopping locations. Comfortable stay, good team of staff, good location near to shopping and eateries Very comfortable stay, with attentive and friendly staff. Room and hotel were well maintained. Good location, near to Myeong Dong. Many good eateries all around the hotel. Easy to get taxi. Location, cleanliness and very helpful staff We enjoyed our stay at PJ Hotel. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The hotel's location was ideal and their wifi and business center services were great! We didn't get to dine in but I will stay here again. Service, Friendly , Helpful staff The air conditioning wasn't cold enough. I called the lobby and they gave me a fan. I told them about the air conditioning the next day and they told me they would check it out. I checked with them later on and they told me it was fixed. I went back to the room and found that the air conditioning still wasn't cold at all. I had to sleep with the fan for 6 days. Other then that the staffs there would helpful,polite and friendly. The location was easily accessible. The hotel was clean. Overall it was a pleasant stay in the hotel. large room, cleanliness, friendly staff good will come again. upgraded my room to a larger room due to occupation. location, price and clean roon room location service Very nice. I really like the location, which is close to subway and airport shuttle bus stop in the middle of the city. However, the bathroom curtain was really smelly. Besides this everything was perfect. I love staffs, they were friendly, very good and English and Japanese, and helpful. 1) the people there are all very nice and helpful; 2) the location is very convinent and the hotel provides free shuttle bus to all major shopping areas; 3) room rate very reasonable gd value for $ Excellent! I strongly recommended it and will come back again next time I am in Seoul. Location. Comfort & communication Nice hotel, I like This hotel & his service & his infrastructure, just only 1 thing that will make me more happy is check in time coZ I always arrive Seoul early morning, I Hv to wait till 2pm. Location, shuttle services to tourist area, staff Pj hotel is good hotel to ecplore seoul, especially north area of the river. You can take shuttle to myeongdong, namdaemun market, dongdaemun etc and the shuttle has schedule until early morning if you want to explore seoul shopping area of dongdaemun. Family triple room can cater 2 adult and 2 young children Nice and clean, good service Plenty of restaurants nearby, big park and river walk also within 4 or 5 blocks. Very friendly and helpful staff. We were upgraded to a family suite which really was lovely. From airport took the train to Seoul station and then $8 taxi - very easy. helpful staff, free shuttle bus service, clean n cozy room Location is good with free shuttles to tourist areas. Clean and spacious. Friendly and attentive staff service. The room was big and clean, with Free Wi-Fi and comfortable bed. Room service was fast and good. PJ provides free shuttle service to most shopping areas. Overall, my family had a comfortable stay in PJ. We were satisfied with the room services. We stayed for 5 nights. PJ is in a great location becuase there are alot of restaurants around and we love the Free shuttle service provided by the hotel. It goes to places like Myeongdong, Dondaemun,Nandaemun,Lotte Department Store and some other places. Will definitely return to stay. All staff in hotel which English is very very good, we can communicate easily and they can show me the right direction of anyway we go. It is just about 10 mins walk to the nearest metro station . comfortable and convenient hotel it is worth to recommend this hotel because the price is not expensive for a night. Also, it is near to shopping malls or attractions. Location, clean room, free internet The breakfast buffet could have been a little better. 5 minute walk to understation, clean room and free parking Staff are very friendly and clean rooms. The only problem was that ceiling is very low in the bathroom so that is an issue if you are tall like myself. good location,comfortable room,cleaness very convenient to shopping area..have shuttle bus to myeong dong ang dongdaimun market Large room, Friendly staff” Nice and comfortable” Friendly and helpful hotel staffs” Great stay, Friendly Staffs” It is a comfortable hotel room” Solo traveler in Seoul” Recommended for those who have already been Seoul” Clean room, size of room if good for 2. ” Comfortable” is a really fascinating hotel” Comfortable, well located hotel, friendly staff.” Had An Excellent Stay” Free Shuttle Bus, Friendly Staffs” Friendly hotel staffs” Easy to communication with staff or operator” Good location for shopping trip ” Pleasant, homely and agreeable ” NICE” Very customer friendly good room and great English” Nice, reasonably priced hotel with great service” Great breakfast (You must use the quopon provided by the hotel) Room is comfortable. It needs 8 minutes go to the MTR Stations. But It provides shuttle bus to Myeong-dong and other shopping place. Convenient location. Close to shopping areas and subway. Affordable. Shuttle services to Donddaemun and around the Myeong Dong area. Very Friendly hotel staffs and food and convenience store near the hotel Shuttle services to Donddaemun and around the Myeong Dong area. Very Friendly hotel staffs and food and convenience store near the hotel Good Location Friendly staff, near to railway, quieit surroundings Not recommended to stay if you're looking to shop around the hotel area. I was here on a Sunday, and all the shops around were closed, and the area was like haunted. The hotel building is not tall, making it hard to find unless you're taking a cab. The room is big, but on the comfortable-wise, it is just average. Did not like the mirror right in front of the bed. The staffs are very friendly though. Friendly staff, quiet location, large rooms Comfortable stay - though recommended for those who have stayed in Seoul before. For the first time travellers, I would recommend one of the hotels closer to the city centre. I was travelling with someone who knew well about the city and transport, so I had no problem taking a subway from Gimpo Airport. Staff are nice and friendly. Clean, good room size and well located Shuttlebus service, attentive English speaking staff, beautiful rooms good service, excellent room, convenient location PJ hotel is a comfortable hotel, which provide excellent services, with reasonable price. The hotel shuttle bus service to main shopping areas is good. When the day we took the shuttle bus to myeong dong, it was raining, we didnt bring along the umbrella with us, what a surprise the shuttle bus driver prepared lots of disposable umbrellas for all of us, i mean , everyone on the shuttle! it is really a considerate action that i appreciated most. Location, service, comfortable beds. I was given a twin room on the ladies only (7th) floor. The room was extremely spacious, clean and had its own balcony. Bathrooms arent super new but new enough with great water pressure and little added bonuses like face masks for the ladies. The beds arent hard like you get in most Korean hotels and the pillows are firm and comfy. You the get big screen tv, kettle, hairdryer etc that you would expect in a 4 star establishment. Staff here make you feel like a celebrity when you walk through the lobby, everyone greets you and is very attentive. The hotel is within 5 mins of Chungmuro train station with is great if you are planning on visiting the palaces and Insadong street. I would stay here again. Freindly Staff Free Shuttle, Friendly Staff, Good Location We were very pleased with the hotel service and cleanliness generally. We were upgraded to a suite room for our trip, which gives us an extra room with one twin bed and another room with a king size bed. The mattress was good and the room was quiet at night. One good thing about this hotel is they offer free shuttles going to Myongdong, Insadong, Dongdaemun, Lotte Dept Store, which saves a lot of time and good especially when it's raining. I really don't have much to complain about this hotel, they have good language skills and are helpful throughout our stay. The only bad thing perhaps is the location of it as it's between two stations and you'll need to walk a little to the subway. Clean, Friendly staffs, Safe location. Staff friendly, provide shuttle bus to hot spot, good location, neat, nice staff The room opens out to a spacious balcony, which is hard to find at a city centre. The hotel provides frequent shuttle bus service to major city attractions. The staff are nice and helpful. By and large, it was a pleasant, homely and agreeable stay at the hotel. CONVENIENCE, PRICE REASONABLE, BIG BALCONY STAFF IS NICE AND HELPFUL. BUT THE ROOM IS NOT REALLY TIDY, THERE IS SO MANY DUST ON THE CABINET. WE HAVE TO CLEAN UP BEFORE WE PUT THINGS ON. BESIDES THIS, OVERALL IS OK. Service, language, and hotel design The pj hotel was a great place to stay, the staff was outstanding and I loved being in the middle of he korean culture Clean, polite hotel staff, reasonably priced hotel The hotel is near to the subway station (5 mins walk) and the bus stop that has airport express bus. Friendly staff and clean room with balcony make the stay enjoyable. In addition, there is free shuttle bus to the popular shopping area like Dongdaemun and MyeonDong. The only drawback is that the hotel is rather difficult to locate. nice room” PJ Hotel is worth the price that we are paying” Nice stay” Good value for $, comfort & closeness to shopping” staff are nice, room is clean” Nice price for a comfortable hotel” big room , nice view,good servise and location” good” Lucky hotel provide shuttle bus service” big room” Reasonable price ” Clean, Spacious and Comfortable” Very comfortable” Clean and Friendly Staffs” Nice and Comfortable Hotel” Nice and Comfortable Hotel” centrally located, free shuttle bus to myeongdong” Quiet Oasis in busy city” Nice Hotel” Comfortable and enjoyable stay” nice room, clean room, large room Actually the best part of PJ hotel is the nice and quite large room. But pretty dissappointed with the service attitude of the front desk receptionist. Being unhelpful and unfriendly. The bell boy service was good though, they tried to help us so much although they don't speak fluent english. Clean, big room with 1 queen and 1 single bed Very relaxing and comfortable, Hotel shuttle available for your shopping choice, Good breakfast clean, shuttle bus to shopping areas, nice staff Hotel Room was comfortable, very close to many small restaurants offering food, its considered convenient and near to train station. Hotel bus provide 2 regular routes to shopping areas. have shuttle bus, clean room, nice staff Near MRT, resturants, easy to take the shuttle bus to Airport servise , location ,view close to subway station,suttle bus to myeong-dong............. good con. good.serv. good att. Shuttle bus service to Place of interest until mid night The hotel is located a bit far from subway station. Try to ride taxi if you have luggage or children good location , big room ,clean good servise, good location , big room , clean ,comfortable, suttle bus to myeong-dong Shuttle bus service, Clean and room space Location is a little bit far from Myeong-dong, it cannot walk. However the hotel has provided free shuttle bus to several place aroud the hotel. 5-10 mins walk to MRT station. Room is quite good and not small. Free Shuttle Bus Services Rooms bed transport service vehicle arrangements It's very nice to live in thi ehotel and the service is very good. The shuttle bus service in this hotel is ver outstanding to serve peiople to moving around. Good location, 5 mins walk to Changmuro Station, Clean, friendly and helpful staffs Free hotel shuttle to main shopping area, near to airport bus, between myeong-dong and dongdaemum The first room given was in a weird layout, so we changed room on the second day without any problem. Second is okay with a balcony. Staff are fluent in english, attentive and polite. Free hotel shuttle to main shopping area, near to airport bus, between myeong-dong and dongdaemum The first room given was in a weird layout, so we changed room on the second day without any problem. Second is okay with a balcony. Staff are fluent in english, attentive and polite. clean room, free shuttle bus provided by the hotel to all major sight seeing in seoul, free internet Location Free Shuttle Buses Friendly staff We booked a "Limited Offer" deal and were allocated probably the smallest room in the hotel on the top floor. The room was however adequate for our requirements as we were in Seoul to visit and not sit in a hotel room. Location friendly staff shuttle service Relatively spacious room for our big luggages and shopping bags. Comfortable bed and pillows. Easily accessible to 2 subway stns on the major subway lines (Chungmuro Stn an Euljiro 3 Stn). Value for money. Located centrally” Nice, tidy and good location” Free shuttle bus to major attraction places!” Comfort to staying” Feel comfortable in this hotel” Satisfy Hotel Stay” Bagus,bersih,deket dengan mrt” Very convenient in dining and transportation” Excellent Choice for Short Holiday in Seoul” Satisfying, will consider staying again” good stay” a nice hotel” good location” Good location, free shuttle bus to shopping area” Excellent value for money” Value for money” Great Location and Friendly Staffs” worth for money” Convenient location and good service” good shuttle service, location good” centralized and value for money cleanness, friendly staff and location Shuttle bus, location, great room. Near to shopping area Room tidy and clean. Near to Metro station. Staff are all helpful and nicely. Staffs were very nice and helpful Very glad that the staff very helpful to go along with us to the hospital when my son needs to get to the A&E. Bersih,nyaman,petugas hotel yg ramah Sangat menyenangkan,akses yg mudah,ada shuttele bus friendly staff, good location, free wifi comfortable, glad to have 1 free bottle of mineral water per day per head, a quiet but convenient hotel to go anywhere by subway Service, Room PJ Hotel provided great service. They willingly helped us book a half day DMZ tour even though it was after our check-our date from the hotel. However, there were some complications on the tour agent side and the tour group had already left when we arrived at the meeting point for the tour. PJ hotel staff immediately put us on another tour group that picked us up within 15 minutes. They were very apologetic about the error, but it doesn't matter because they rectified the problem promptly in an excellent manner. No nonsense nice staff, great location and free shuttle bus good location, nice staff and free shute bus to shopping area This is surely a great stay in PJ. We booked premier rooms which is very nice. There is a tatami. After a whole day outing, it's very comfortable and relaxed, sitting there and drinking tea. The staff is very helpful. I really like this hotel and would like to come back again. great room, nice staff, central located This is surely a great stay in PJ. We booked premier rooms which is very nice. There is a tatami. After a whole day outing, it's very comfortable and relaxed, sitting there and drinking tea. The staff is very helpful. I really like this hotel and would like to come back again. location, service and nice room This is surely a great stay in PJ. We booked premier rooms which is very nice. There is a tatami. After a whole day outing, it's very comfortable and relaxed, sitting there and drinking tea. The staff is very helpful. I really like this hotel and would like to come back again. free shuttle to Myeongdong and Lotte DFS. friendly staff, free wifi throughout Fast check-in and check-out, friendly staff who greeted you everytime you came in or out of the hotel. Rooms were clean and well maintained, with fee wifi, though at times may be slow. Free boiler, hair dryer, hot and cold water. Everything you could ask for to make your stay comfortable. Directions to hotel were spot on (if you follow the directions from the website). Alternatively, come out from Exit 8 of Chungmuro station, take your first left at Kia Motors and walk straight down till you see the hotel (5 min or less walk) Breakfast areas include Dunkin Donuts, Burger King and Paris Baguette around the Chungmuro Station., Tip: board the free shuttle bus to Myeongdong/Dongdaemun about 10mins prior to departure to secure a seat, Bus can get quite full. Shuttle to airport is right outside exit 8 of Chungmuro (do a quick u-turn and you can see it). 10,000 one way takes 1hr to 1hr20min to get to Incheon airport. First bus at 440am. Location, clean and comfortable room Free Shuttle Bus Service to Shopping Area. Easy access to public transport. Staffs able to communicate in English I am happy with the service. The free shuttle bus service really help us alot especially when the weather turn really cold and we do not want to walk along the streets. room is clean, good size and with friendly staffs except a bit complicated to locate the hotel after get off from airport bus, everything is good with this hotel. I would definitely consider to stay w them on my next trip to Seoul. Nice value, helpful staffs, clean room good shuttle service, location good OK, shuttle bus good, metro convenient, staff good recommended” helpful staff, clean big sized room.” Great hotel, close to city and metro” Very nice location” Great stay” it was a good stay with family. ” superb location from major attraction in seoul” one of the best hotel” Large and comfortable bed with fast internet acces” Love the place, peaceful, clean” Fantastic, Love it, Will return again” PJ Hotel, Nice location near shopping centre.” good location” feel like home. comfortable bed. spacious room.” Good hotel, but very warm at night” Good　deal!” great experience” Great location, value for money” the Hotel have good price for 5 stars” Centrally located comfortable hotel” clean room, central location wifi in rooms, near metro stations, helpful staff Staff helpful with arranging taxi, maps to locations etc. 2 different metro stations within 3 minutes walk. Rooms were very warm air conditioning had not been switched on yet! large city not as central a location as thought but still a good base. Location, cleanliness, friendly staffs Good service, nice location and provide free bus to metro though only 5 minutes distance. Free wifi provided. Very good hotel with nice service. The balcony is big and enjoy breakfast there. Will stay again if visit seoul next time. Location of hotel, friendly staff, great rooms Overall it was a great experience. As my friends and I were traveling in a group of 3, knowing that PJ hotel caters to such odd group travel is a plus! We got three very comfortable beds with sufficient room space. There is easy access to drinking water (hot/cold) at the lift lobby which we were on. The hotel also provides free shuttle services to major shopping attractions which was also a plus point. The staff were also well educated in english which makes the stay even less worrisome. central location , free shuttle bus to the near shopping mall and cozy room PJ hotel's location is very centralized and even the hotel provide the free shuttle bus to the near shopping center until very late. However the enviorment surrounding hotel is very unpleasant and quite dangerous when crossing road due to too many cars and motobike location, public transportion and friendly staff PJ hotel's location is very convenient and even the hotel provide the free shuttle bus to the near shopping center until very late. but the enviorment surrounding hotel is very old and unpleasant. large and comfortable room with very friendly staff, easy access to public transport quite ar, friendly staff with good language skill Fantastic service, value for money, good location Fantastic, Love it, Will return again Location, comfort and staff location, rooms, service spacious room with big balcony. room comes with daily mask n coffee concentrated cube.. Clean rooms with daily tea bags, coffee concentrated cube n face mask. The hotel shampoo and conditioner is very good. Overall experience is very good only for the location of the hotel is in the center of two alley which I feel during the night will be quite dangerous for womens walking back to hotel. It is a very nicely designed and furnished hotel, and close to MyeongDong shopping area The stay at PJ was good. The staff were helpful, and the hotel is well designed. My only complaint is the inability to control the air-conditioning in the room. We were there when conditions were still wintry, and it was warm enough, however the inability to control the air made the room very still. And then mid-way through the night, the heater comes on, and makes the room unbearably warm which wakes you up from your sleep. hospitality, good location and reasonable fee It is really good deal! Location is good and all staff are excellent. This hotel is one of the best hotel with such reasonable cost comparing my previous experience to visit Seoul more than 20 times. good location, good service, tidy room This hotel is close to the Euljiro 4-ga metro station (5-10mins walk). Free shuttle bus to Myeong Dong and Dongdaemung from 8:00am to 02:00am is very convenience. The room is big and clean. The hotel provides facial cleanser and moisture mask, which is thoughtful. The hotel brought good image of Seoul and made me have a nice trip. I will choose this hotel again if I come to Seoul in the future. Hotel Shuttle Service, friendly staff & free wifi in rooms price, settle bus to shopping area, clean PJ have good price for a 5 stars hotel, the settle bus to shopping area is good, even until 2am. The room is big, and the coffee machine is very nice. Close to subway, near airport bus stop, good triple room Very comfortable hotel with a great central location. Near subway and the airport bus. Clean and modern with very fast wifi in the room. A new hotel inside old area” great location and many amenities nearby” Recommended hotel” Great hotel in Seoul” Good location but the room is a little bit small” great services” not so great location but big room” Lovely Hotel and good Service” Good place to stay and convenient” close to shopping areas” nice hotel, helpful staff” PJ Hotel” Great location and service with a smile” Great location near bus stand” Lovely hotel, big n clean rooms, helpful staff” Nice hotel” Nice hotel, but the location was not very good” intereting hotel to stay.. great location” Convenient location” Nice room with friendly staffs” very close to the shopping areas of Seoul The room was very clean and the bed was big. The surrounding area is not much to look at, but is one metro stop away from the 3 most popular shopping districts of Seoul. There are 3 metro lines near the hotel, making it very convenient to visit customers. good service i stayed there for 2 days in winter season, the room hotel quite big and decent, enjoyed there a whole day in the room Good packaged hotel with reasonable price Rooms are big with balcony and clean. Staffs are helpful and speak English. Hotel provides free shuttle bus which is convenient. Room very big and comfortable Hotel PJ is a nice hotel in Seuol, easy to go subway station and provide shuttle bus to myeong-dong and dongdaemun.The room very big, clean and comfortable, can view the day & nightview of Seoul at the balcony of the room. I will stay at here again when i come Seoul next time. It's closed to shopping centres, by taxi is around 5 - 10 minutes drive Overall the hotel is good, it's closed to shopping centres and they have a free shuttle bus take you to the mains shopping areas every hour from 8 am to 2 am. Room is clean but a little bit small, staffs are friendly and always helpful. the services they provide The room are big and comfortable. The services of the staff are great. However, they should provide room services. We have to go out and buy our food even when we do not wish to. Big Room; Shuttle Bus you will be greeted by stairs before reaching the hotel! it is a hotel with great service. it provides coffee, tea, tea pot, brush,foam cleanser, face mask (for first day only). pillow is big & soft; long pillow, bed and sheets are soft! room is spacious, the furnishing is new. the best is the hotel shuttle bus that ends at 2am to dongdaemun. the room is the best lovely hotel , i stay in this hotel for 5 nights and it;s fantastic very clean room and big room ( we booked triple room ) . and the hotel environment also very nice.. for sure i'll be back to this hotel again if i visit seoul. even though the location of the hotel not really nice ( it's paper printing area ) , people say it's very dark when it's night , but not really dark.. Convenient. Bus from airport to hotel directly The hotel is clean with friendly and helpful staff. There is a bus from airport to the hotel so you can easily get to the hotel with lots of luggage. The hotel provides free shuttle bus service. There is a shuttle bus from hotel to myeong dong every 15 mins so you can travel to major site seeing and shopping places easily. You can also walk from Myeong Dong to the hotel in around 10 mins. No toothbrush and toothpaste provided to guest but you can buy them from convenient store in 5 mins walk. good price good value We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. The hotel provided free shuttle to shopping areas, such as myengdong, dongdaemun, etc. also to nearby train stations. It's also close to nam san hanok village, and gyeongbuk gung palace can be reached by train in short time. Overall, we enjoyed our stay here. good location, very helpful staff, nice and comfy rooms had a comfortable stay in this hotel. staff are very friendly and helpful. free shuttle bus to myeongdong and dongdaemun! about 8 minutes walk to the nearest subway station(s) and the airport bus stop. one thing though, we smelled smoke even we requested for a non-smoking room. guess the hotel might need to do something about it. Very comfortable and rafting hotel balcony smoking hotel room is large enough and very comfortable and very suitable for family accommodation. Counter staff will use to communicate in English, so generally no problem. Within the alley next to the hotel there is a 24-hour convenience store convenient home late can buy some food geographic location close to airport bus directly go to Myeongdong or MRT station Location and the Free shuttleservice It would have been nice if free breakfast was part of the package. free shuttle bus to famous area Hotel is clean and provide free shuttle bus to all famous shopping locations. walk 2 min main road have airport bus stand, very convenience and save. At same road night time also can take bus to Seoul Tower for best night view. Mac Donald and others fast food is surrounding. Rooms r big n clean. Friendly n helpful staff. Lovely hotel. Although not close to any shopping areas, subway is only 3 minutes away. It also offers free shuttle buses to go to Myeongdong. Staff are friendly n helpful who speak very good English. It is highly recommended. Shuttle bus service Good shuttle bus service, staff polite and helpful. We stay at lady floor, room is big, but without foot massage machine & hair setting machine as home page photo. No teeth brush provide. Hotel located in old area. Big room with view and nice interior The hotel is a 5-star hotel. The price was acceptable when discount was given. There was also a nice coffee machine in the room and it provided nice coffee. However, the location was not very good. It was a bit far from tourist area. The hotel offered small bus for tourists to shopping area but limited schedule. none friendly and smiling staff, able to communicate in english. Peopld are helpful, room are clean, location is convenient The overall stay experience is good at this hotel. You can find some location shops and restaurants within 2,3 minutes walk. We had quite a few questions and the crew did provide clear solution for us. They even help called the location bus company to help get the exact location where we should get on the bus to the Phoenix Park Ski resort. Big bed and clean room. Free wifi Had enjoyed my stay in this hotel. Friendly staffs, free wifi and clean room. Convenient location” big room” good location and bigroom” lovely hotel and service with a smile” Congested surrounding” Spacious room, great location” Spacious hotel with the good price” great location and good service” Great Hotel. Modern Room.” Convenient location with shuttle bus services” Lovely hotel” Great location and convenient” Comfortable & clean rooms, fairly convenient” Nice Place, a bit out of the way” Great hotel, good service ” Cosy Hotel near Myeongdong” good service but location is off the main road” Value for Money Hotel ” Love the spacious and clean premier triple room. ” Hotel with friendly staff” Helpful staff and within walking distance to shopping area and restaurants I enjoyed the stay. the only problem encountered is the difficulty in getting a taxi around that area. big room and not too far from the metro the room is big compare with other hotel, it's not far away from the metro, but it's quite difficult to find the way to metro if you are going there for the first time spacious room good location and the room is big too, but not very easy to find the metro if you are first time to stay in this hotel, better find the direction prior going to the hotel Great location and clean room Very close to shopping area, hotel staffs are friendly and helpful with good english speaking.Room is clean ... na Spacious room (5-star hotel room type) and clean. Good bus shuttle service provided by the hotel. Food is nice at the restaurant in the hotel. One great disadvantage to the hotel location is congested surrounding. Unable to find any great food/ restaurants around the hotel. Very displeased with one of the female front desk staff, without listening clearly of the exact place I wanted to visit, giving incorrect instruction to the concierge male staff and leaded me to the wrong destination. I am quite pissed with it. Here I would appreciate this female front desk staff to listen carefully to the guest's request. Great service Location is good with just 10 mins walk from hotel to subway station, shuttle bus also very convenient to shopping area. Service provided by hotel staff are also very good, will help with our bags every crazy shopping nights without being told. We are 2 girls travelling together and they have arranged ladies floor for us. However, only tidy up our beds and bathroom but never tidy up the table and sofa area. Big room / good price I always back to this hotel every time i go to Seoul. I love the spacious room with the good deal. provided mini bus for popular shopping spot this hotel is awesome, it help me safe a lot of transportation fees. and lot of places is walking distance. the reception was good and helpful,the cleaner was good enough. Nice Room. Very Modern. The room is quite small but i guess it is like that in Korea. it is very modern and clean though. i enjoyed my stay there in particular they have shuttle bus for all major locations. No room service. maybe the only con. Clean and big room comfortable rooms, friendly hotel staff, and convenient shuttle bus service to nearby myeongdong and dongdaemun. there is also a convenience store on level one of the hotel, lobby is on second floor. overall nice place to stay, will consider coming back next time. great location clean and tidy. near airport bus and near the underground. There are many restaurants near the hotel and they open till late, so it is good for traveller who feel hungry at night. Free wi-fi Conveniently located and walking distance to subway. Clean, good value, fairly convenient location Overall was a satisfactory stay, good value for what we paid: Convenience - Okay. 8-10mins walk to the nearest metro station, not easy to get a cab just outside the hotel as it is not on a main road Cleanliness - Excellent. Our rooms, beds, desk and bathroom are immaculate Staff - Okay. They don't speak English that well but if you use simple terms you should be fine to communicate with them Value - Good. For the price you pay, it's quite a good deal compared to the other hotels I looked I would try another hotel next time, preferably one in gangnam just because that was where we want to spend most time in anyway which saves time and cab fares going there every day. Nice rooms and good staff Embarrassingly, I booked the wrong night for my girlfriend and I, so we showed up a day before our reservation. The gentleman behind the desk was very courteous and offered us a room that night at the same price. The room was not large, but not cramped, and had a small balcony. We also had a PC in addition to a TV (though not all TV channels worked). The hotel is in a somewhat strange location, and while getting there wasn't difficult, it was a bit awkward. It was snowing when we went, and if the weather is poor, I recommend using the underground passage between Eujiro 3 and 4. There are good maps in the station that will help you use the right exit. I think that the hotel also offers a shuttle service to the surrounding areas, which I didn't use, but might make the strange location more convenient. shuttle bus to shopping district, coffee , spacious room, clean This was a great hotel at a great price. We appreciated the fact that there was a free shuttle to the shopping district, but would note that the shuttle was frequently overcrowded - so you do have to arrive early to wait! Everything else was great, rooms were clean and spacious, shower was good. Would highly recommend. Location, Shuttle bus to shopping areas around hotel Quite cosy hotel, staff was quite conversant in English. The hotel has a shuttle bus service to major shopping streets like Myeondong and other areas nearby till 2am at night. There is also a 24hrs convenience store behind the hotel and plenty of things can be grabbed from them if the need arises. all staffs always give service with smiles This hotel location is actually the only drawback for me. It is in the center of a trading districts and the neighborhood at nights become "dead" as businesses close. The hotel itself once you arrive actually is satisfactory in general, providing all your basic needs as toirists. Free Shuttle to Myeong Dong, Dongtaemoon, Lotte Departmart Store The hotel is an extremely good hotel with great service and great value for money. It could definitly be a 5 star hotel if it was in a better location. The surrounding area is not so great but luckily it is only a 3 minute walk to the main road or cheonggye-stream and the metro station. A 15 minute walk to myeong-dong - IF you do know how to walk. Free shuttle bus is a plus with the cold weather We had a great 9 nights stay @ PJ Hotel. It's located in Chungmuro Station and about 5 min walk from station. Love the spacious room with our 3 lovely kids age 6, 8 and 10 (no additional charges - we book premier triple room). I would like to comment the shuttle bus drivers - they are very courteous and helpful. The driver went extra mile to help us to carry and unload the luggage from the bus (1 stop to the airport bus stop). We are very grateful to the kind gesture and help as we are traveling with 3 young children. The shutter bus save us some transport cost to Myeong Dong, Nandaemun, Lotte Departmental store and Dongdaemun Thanks and will come back on our next trip Bright and clean lobby There was a water cooler system (warm and cold) on each floor which we enjoyed very much. First ight stay was in a smaller room. Subsequent nights were in a larger room and much more enjoyable as we checked out to head to ski resort and returned to pj hotel. Would be great to increase the frequency and duration of the free shuttle service. very nice hotel in Seoul” Big rooms” Good location, good value for money” clean and pleasant” PJ Hotel, Seoul” Nice Hotel with large rooms” Great hotel but location is a little bit off.” good service” very interesting place” Not a very convenient location” 5 star hotel with reasonable rates” great location” Great location with Ladies' Floor” Good hotel” New and clean hotel with loft style bed” Lovely hotel with great location ” Clean and big room” Best in Korea ” Room is okay and location is good” Good location, good service” Good location and free wi-fi, in-room laptop provided This is my first time to Seoul and i choose PJ hotel becoz heard that this is price resonable and good location for shopping and eating. First of all, i would like to say thanks to the concigege service, one of the staff ( i forgotten his name) and he helps/support me when i am in the trouble at the lobby, he is very kind to gave his down jacket when i wearing less and get freeze in the lobby in the mid-year....this is a long story behind what i am happened in there but i am greatly appreciate him to give the the love and warm to me. Secondly, I also appreciate the bell boy they are helpful to delivery our lugguage when we arrived/left the hotel since they have a speical lugguage stairs send from the ground floor to the 1/F lobby. I live in the double bedroom and the room size in Seoul i believe is big enough, i love the boncanny...washroom has hair dry machine, face washing foam, 2 paper masks and shampoo and conditioning.. location is closed to the main shopping and eating area. the tram station also next to the hotel...u can find some local restaurant around the hotel when you feel hungry (in the mid-night) i will recommend PJ hotel to all the travelers! Good price and big rooms rooms are big and clean but service is not up to expectation. when we check-in at 11am, we were told to come back at 2pm (standard check-in time). when we came back at 4pm, there seems to be some mix-up with the "assigned" room been given to some other people and they have to reassign a room. there is a hotel shuttle bus but it is always full and you have to go early to board the small bus. Close to shopping area. Shuttle bus available 24 hours Nice place, nice hotel, okmin English communication near metro station Quite a nice and cosy hotel aand affordable. It is near metro station too... friendly staff that are approachable and helpful... Good Location near Myeong Dong Good Location near Myeong Dong, hotel arrange free shuttle bus services to Myeong Dong and Dong Dae Mun for shoppong trip almost every hour until 2am. Room is clean and hotel staff is friendly.From Incheon airport can take bus 6015 and stop and walk 5 minutes to PJ hotel Not in the heart of Myeongdong very comfort and very nice large rooms. love it so much..... will come back again in future. Complete amenities, sound proof rooms, free computer with fast internet access, greate service The hotel is great specially how fast they clean your room. With hotel bus service which can take you to Namdeumun market. The location of the hotel is not that good because you need to walk from the subway/Bus stop to the hotel for about 5 to 10 min. The Front desk can understand english but not the bus boy and attendants. Computer is in korean language but it's not a problem for me. clean, the room is not quite spacious, and the schedule for the shuttle bus is after 6 p.m. which is not very convenience to go to Dongdamen etc. location it was fun and a good place to stay where attractions are in walking distance. Rooma are a little small but still cute... Free shuttle bus ! Room was not very big, tv was just a mare 32". Shuttle bus is always on the dot. Location is near the city but not walking distance located at Seoul City centre. just next to Dongdaemun Shooping area Satisfied with the hotel service and friendly staff. accomodation and facilities are awesome. we most like the in-room facilities especially they provide a big LCD pc complete with free wi-fi. make us more easier to browsing attractions around Seoul before we out for walk. fantastic! helpful staff We love this hotel because the location is not that far to Myeondong (shopping center) and any other attraction in Seoul. The hotel also have helpful staff. Room is clean and comfortable. Ladies floor, shuttle bus to nearby shopping attractions! The hotel was excellent! we were given ladies floor and the room is rather spacious! The toilets are small though. The only bad point was the airport shuttle service which does not stop in front of the hotel. You will need to drag your luggage through a small alley... Great services The staff are friendly. Room are really big and location is not so great but ideal. Easy to move around from the hotel. Very Convenient near Incheon Airport This hotel is located only 7 minutes away from Incheon Airport so that it is very convenient. It is also a new hotel so it very clean and comfortable. However hotel charge for a round trip of airport shuttle. Since they are located in remote area, it is more difficult to find a restaurant and a convenience store. There is no night life there so it may not be good for travelers for vacation. Facilities in room, located near shopping districts Located near the main shopping districts like myeongdong and dongdaemun, this hotel makes an excellent stay for those who love shopping. Its free shuttle services also made everything more convenient. The staff were also friendly and helpful, and could communicate fairly well in English. The room is big enough for 3 adult to stay, clean and good service It is not so convenience to go to Mingdong, as we need to walk 7-8min to the subway, but the subway line to Mingdong need to transit, if walk at least 20min. Although, nearby hotel, it had family mart or small restuarant, but we didn't try. Hotel is provide shuttle bus, but if you go to Mingdong, the service is end at 6:00pm, it should be not convenience. But for hotel service and accomodation, it is good. Free shuttle bus we have a lovely stay at pj hotel, got complimentary upgrade because they are fully booked that time, location is perfect!! we love the free shuttle bus service specially at night when you need to shop. 5 minutes walk from hotel to the nearest train station Nice and helpful reception. Have shuttle bus to Meong Dong etc, or it is only 5 minutes walk to the nearest train station. However, you will walk pass an old area where it gets quite quiet at night. NOT recommend girls to walk alone at night. Remember to get the name card of hotel as some taxi drivers may not know the location by just giving them the name of the hotel. Recommend this hotel and will come back. Location, service Very good location, 5 min to 3 metro stations, walking distance to major shopping area and the hotel provides shuttle bus to 2 main shopping area as well. Hotel is clean, staff are nice and helpful. No major complaint, will stay again next time to Seoul. Nice hotel with good location” Good location, good value for Seoul” Hotel with shuttle service” Great location with fabulous room facilities” Spacious room with good hotel rates” Spacious room” Lovely Hotel with vaulable price” nice.. ” good hotel ” 旺中帶靜” Nice hotel with friendly staff” Good location and spacious rooms” Hotel rooms are clean and nice” Nice Hotel” Lovely hotel and service with a smile” Excellent Boutique Hotel with Discount Price!” I love the rooms so nice” a newly renovated in convenient location” Good position, good service” Nice service, Good location, Comfortable room” Complimentary shuttle bus to major attractions The hotel is easily accessed by taking the airport express from Incheon airport and following the walking instruction from the hotel website. There is complimentary shuttle bus to Myeong-dong, Namdaemun and Dongdaemun. Hotel room was clean with comfortable bed. Location, in room complimentray Nepresso capsule coffee Good location and quite good value (Agoda Discount) Seoul. I also got upgraded in a family room (3 beds) which was really spacious Comfortable bed, coffee machine, clean The service was good, check-in and checkout was done pretty fast and hassle free. The bell boys were exceptionally helpful as we had many luggage. Room was great, clean and comfortable. Location is not so good and hard to find, far from the airport limousine stop unless you take their bus shuttle. Will be difficult to walk to the point to wait for the airport limousine with luggage. Have free shuttle bus to and from the attractive locations I was there with my girlfriend for holiday stay. The hotel location is very convenient and about 5 minutes walk to train station. Further more, there is a shuttle bus from hotel to the attractive shopping district every hour. Room size, shuttle buses The stay was a pleasant one for my family of 3A2C. Booked a premier triple rm which fit all of us quite nicely with three single beds, the 3rd somewhat looks bigger though. Key plus for the hotel will be the free shuttles bk and forth to all the main shopping belts. However, if you are to walk bk from the metro in the night, it can be quite quiet along the road but still generally safe.. Convenient shuttle bus to train station and shopping areas My kids love the space in the hotel room. Room is clean and they even provide coffee cupsules daily. Staff are friendly and helpful. I will choose o stay in this hotel if I travel to Korea again. Near city PJ hotel is my first time to visit korea's hotel, however the location is pretty near the city Ming Tong, inside of hotel were pretty tiny and clean, i would surely recommend it to my fds the balcony and the bed, good for family travel It a bit far to go take the bags to the bus station, If can offer traffic to the bus stop is much better.. Overall is really comfort,, I like the bed and all facilites in the hotel.. I think I will go again if I travel to Seoul.. shopping good location and staff friendly to help, in general is ok 干淨，Hotel suttle bus , Very nice for that price if including the breakfast . Over all , sevices satisfy . Clean satisfy . Special satiety for the show Of the powerful hot water and sound proof. In Room complimentary coffee and tea can be a lot better. Huge room We stayed with PJ Hotel for 3 nights and had a wonderful experience. First the staff gave us an upgrade to their suite. The room was huge compare to many hotel we stayed at before. Even though the hotel is located in the middle of nowhere, but they offer shuttle bus to popular tourist attractions. In summary, we really enjoyed our stay at the hotel and will definitely recommend to others. The hotel is near the shopping district and very accessible to bus, taxi and near the subway station. The hotel staff are accommodating and tries to speak in English though not fluent. The triple premier room are spacious and relaxing. The bathroom is well kept. When asking for directions, the staff gives you friendly advised. The hotel is near the small Korean resto wherein you can try their own brand of food. You can try it. Riding a taxi is a bit expensive but convenient for people who could'nt walk that far because of the cold weather. If I return to Seoul again, I would like to stay again at this hotel. It's worth my money. Upgraded room to premier for the last night was fantastic At first check in, first feeling of the service level is only average. The normal room condition is very good but small. The common ice and water dispenser is very good. But late check out have to pay extra. Timing not flexible. Clean and Professional Was given a free upgrade to a family room (double bed and a single bed). Busy hotel with mainly Chinese and Korean guests (some east european / Russian). Slightly outside of the tourist areas but close to mainline subway stations and within easy walking distance of Myeongdong for shopping etc. Hotel has its own restaurant for lunch and breakfast (although at 18000 Won for b'fast is a little steep) and a separate Korean restaurant in the basement which isnt bad. Hotel also has a free hourly shuttle bus service to the shopping areas - although I never actually used it. Bathtub My husband and I just spent a holiday in Seoul, since this is the first time visit,luckly we chose PJ Hotel! It is so convenient for our travel, expect convient location, warm service, we specially like the bathtub,spacious and clean ! Although we are not Japanese, couldn't help to enjoy it after one day outdoor activities, so relex! I love the style & color of PJ hotel. I and my friend are so regret to stay in this hotel for just 8hours!!!! Since we have a tide schedule... It is a nice hotel for traveller, but not the shopaholic because of its location... free shuttle to shopping malls The hotel is close to airport shuttle bus stop. Their rooms are so cute. We got the triple sharing room and we really liked it. They even have free face masks. now, that is something! Since we stayed from Oct.30-Nov.3,2012, we didn't need a/c. We just opened the window and it is more cooler than ac. The hotel even offers free shuttle to 2 destinations every hour til night time. This is the best feature of the hotel. I am definitely going to stay here again. close to subway stations A newly renovated hotel in a convenient location which is close to air bus stop and subway stations of 2 different subway lines. The hotel run shuttle bus to shopping areas up to mid-night. Good for shopping. The hotel is located in a old area which is a wholesale area of stationary where you can find a lot of wholesale stores. On the whole, the hotel is spaceous, new renovated, convenient and with good service. Big room with good equipment Can walk to Dong Tai Mum and Ming Dong around 20mins, have free shettle bus to there two places, in room equipments are good, service is also good Free shuttle Bus to shopping area Good location: close to subway and restaurants Nice servive: mutli - languages (japanese , mandarin , english) staffs Comfortable room: quiet nice hotel with balcony n nice view” Lovely hotel with very comfortable room size” Good location but room is big” Above Avg hotel” service is excellence” Pleasant stay with clean rooms” Hotel for Business Trip” Nice Hotel” Great location & excellent service” Decent hotel but difficult to find” Pleasant stay” Spacious Rooms and trendy” nice hotel, convience” Good Service, but not my cup of tea” PJ Location” Cool hotel with clean and comfortable room! ” Lovely room with nice service” Great location with a very clean room” Nice hotel and location” Clean & Nice hotel” balcony n nice view room is big. Triple n enough space to open the baggage. Got a decent coffee machine. So a nice cup of coffee on the balcony was relaxing. Room size , location It is located near Chungmuro metro station. 5mins walk and is near alot of local eateries. However, the area is business district for printing industry, hence at night, it is a dead town. Not much food can be found. But taking taxi from Dongtamuen or Myeongdong is not too expensive as Chungmuro is located nearby these popular areas. shuttle bus to nearest shopping area. the airport bus stop is far away. it took 5-8 minutes walk to the hotel. it is not conventience if we carry large luggages. on the other hands, we can use the shuttle bus go the airport bus stop when we leave the hotel as the shuttle bus will pass the bus stop. it is good that they have shuttle bus service to some major shopping areas. it is free. it save time and money. room is good. Free shuttle bus, Near to myeong dong, alot of eatery around hotel Really huge rooms. we have 1 single bed and 1 king size bed for the premier twin with a small japanese like tea area which can hold 4 person. The hotel seems to be build for the Japanese. They have alot of information in japanese and even the shuttle bus have information in jap. Almost 90% of the guest I see was Japanese. location is good the location of metro is not very close, but you can walk to myeodong which is very close, just 10 mins. and you can ask hotel to help for call taxi to airport. if you from airport to hotel is only cost 80000. Large room We stayed in a Premier Triple room and were pleasantly surprised by the large and clean rooms. Hotel staff were generally polite and try their best to help but not all of them are fluent in English. Moreover, we had requested for early check-in only to find out on arrival that this hotel does not allow early check-in. 位置 The hotel located at good location, very convenient. Hotel also offer the shuttle to shopping mall. Room size is good and clean. Lobby located at 2nd floor, a conveyor belt can send the luggage from first floor to second floor, a interest design. i have a great exprience in this hotel the room is comfort and clean. although the location is not very good, it has the shuttle bus to downtown area. quite convenient. within walking distance to Myeongdong shopping street We were greeted warmly by the hotel staff and they were all very friendly & helpful in guiding their guests. As the hotel rooms were fully booked, we were upgraded to a suite room for two-night stay without additional charge. Free shuttle bus service was also provided to bring us to & fro a few shopping areas like Myeongdong, Dongdaemun and Namdaemun etc. Central location The hotel has a central location - taxis to/from the main shopping areas did not cost very much as all nearby. However it was difficult to find the hotel when we took the airport bus - it is located about 200 metres behind the bus-stop through a fairly narrow alley. Relatively spacious rooms Me and my friends stayed at this hotel for five nights. We were three of us and booked a room with three beds. Hotel has limited facilities but rooms were relatively spacious as we got three full beds in the room, please an outside balcony for smoking. Relatively centrally located: Myeongdong is about 20-30 mins walk away. Free Shuttle Bus Services Nice and trendy, new design, very spacious room, I have booked a Premier Twin room with two double bed, well equipped, aveda bathroom amenities, also got my favorite Nesspresso Coffee Maker. Most important is free shuttle bus provided to Myeongdon till 6pm and Dongdaemum till 2am every hour, very convenience. nice room clean, good service. I love this hotel due to the helpfulness of its staffs and the free transportation to nearby places free shuttle bus service i stayed in pj hotel for 3 nights because i'm meeting my client and before that i was staying at another hotel close to the city hall/nandaemum. i printed the hotel voucher and showed it to the taxi driver however we still got lost under the guidance of gps.and the number provided on the vouche doesn't seem to be correct. so it took us a while to locate the hoel. room>> i stayed in a big bed room. the room is spacious and all the amentities are in good condition. however, the room is so dim even i put all the lights on ...i called the front desk to see if thre's problem with my room. "all rooms are the same." that's what they told me. i really have issue with the lighting because i'd like to work or use my computer with the lights on. also, i wasn't happy the selection of tv channel is very limited. probably most of the ppl stay in this hotel are international travelers, the selection of channels come in various languages yet very boring! but i have to give credit to the hotel that it comes with 110v outlet and 220v outlet (korean standard). very convenient to internaitonal travelers. service>> the service is good. friendly staffs and the hotel is always spotless clean. and they have shuttle bus service to myeondong & dongdaemum, and the bus route to dondaemum is available till 2am, very helpful for night shoppers. location>> i read the reviews that some ppl have issue with the location. it's in a old neightborhood and the street nearby isn't busy at night. but it's close to subway station and airport shuttle stop. it takes a 3-5 mins walk to the main road and you have to pass a huge building. personally i don't think it's that bad but it probably concerns some solo female traveler. or you can always choose shuttle bus so you don't have to walk thr the dim ally. Room is clean and size still ok for 2 persons overall rating for this hotel is still ok...good to have shuttle bus for most of the key shopping area. no breakfast provided.. Great location Good customer service, nice hotel personnels. Too bad the breakfast isn't included with the amount that i paid. Other than that everything will just be fine. not expensive full kitchen nice hotel staff it was cheap, but we could get nice service from the staff. The room was big and clean, and had 3 balconies and full kitchen. Pool area is also comfortable and nice. Clean and new hotel, provided with shuttle bus to Myeon-dong and Dongdaemun area Receptionists are very helpful and friendly. Can always approach them if you are in doubt about whatever things like food, road name, tourist attractions, etc. Very good as they provide shuttle bus. Very close to the train station too! convenient location hard to book a room in this hotel. unfriendly staff. Free shutter bus to myeongdong The hotel was clean, cosy and comfortable. However, the air-con cannot adjust lower than 20 degrees which is bad for my stay during summer. Clean and Comfortable Hotel” Nice surprise” Great Room and warm serviece” service good” Great room” Basic hotel with friendly and helpful staff ” great for price” nice and neat hotel” Lovely hotel with nice interior decor” Nice hotel but average location” very nice hotel” nice hotel ” Good in general and very nice staff” Nice, spacious room!” Great location, pleasant services ” Nice hotel & close to city center” Nice hotel but relatively inconvenient location” Nice smiles” Lovely hotel withh good service” good price for that location.” Good location The location of this hotel is very convenient. Only a walking distance to the pet street with many restaurants and convenient stores. so it could be helpful for business visit. A modern looking bathroom made my stay very comfortable Cleanliness, comfortable atmosphere Had no complaints at all, nice stay. Great value when you get a sale price. Good Rooms nice room and good serviece from staffs.but location is a little bit hard to find. when you get off the airport bus, you need to go right and cross a block. then you can find the hotel. hotel will provide you the shuttle bus to the meyongdong and some shopping place, it is very convienient to us. hotel lobby, shuttle bus, hotel room It's a very good hotel. only one thing I can complain is the location. It's surrounded by small printing factories, old and strange streets, without local resident living, no good restaurant... The shuttle bus can take us away from hotel but always taxi back by ourselves. And, All other items are very good! including the hotel, room, service.... Near shopping area This hotel is pretty near the shopping area, so it's good as a station for shopping. PC provided, nice clean rooms and sheets, ok location, helpful staff We came back to the hotel at 4am after shopping at the wholesale and staff at the counter pointed me to the nearest 24 hour store! Great selection of Korean Kim Chi noodles!! Convience from point to point it sort of convient. it value for money and the mtr is a 5mins away from the hotel. very clean rooms well equipped and clean rooms, they provide face masks in the toliets too! lotsa of eatery around and convinient stores, free shuttle bus to myeong dong and dongdaemung and free wifi too 3mins walk to subway overall good stay! Good location and shuttle bus service to major tourist attractions in Seoul Rooms are decent size and comfy. The interior of the hotel was pleasantly well designed. The hotel's close proximity to Chungmuro station makes it easily accessible and the free shuttle service to various tourist attractions in Seoul makes it very convenient for hotel guests. Free hotel shuttle, near airport limousine bus & train station A bit far from the popular sightseeing districts but fortunately you have a hotel shuttle to take you to Myeongdong, Insa dong & Lotte. Bus driver & housekeeping are friendly. Has 2 pharmacies nearby, 2 convenience marts, post office, near A Twosome Place & Paris Baguette Cafe, Starbucks, etc and good food is available within a 10-20 minute walk. clean, spacious nice hotel, short walk from subway. clean and spacious. nice room good price, good and clean, closed to the main shopping area, very good hotel choice in souel view is open from my room and has facial masks Moved to here from a motel and somehow found the normal hotel is little boring , TV is very very small and the computer doesnt work really well. Hotel has shuttle bus to the surrounding main tourism spot which is good and the room is clean.We enjoyed our stay in general. Great room, good location. we arrived early sunday morning and took airport bus 6015 from incheon (w10k adults, w8k kids 6 yrs & 9 yrs old) to chungmunro station. we found the hotel quite easily after an easy 10mins walk with the kids and 2 big trolley bags. after alighting from the bus, walk towards kia, turn left and walk through the covered walkway under p&b bakery. the hotel is just on the other end of the pathway. as mentioned by others, the hotel practices a strict 2pm check-in policy. so we deposited our bags and took the complementary shuttle bus to myeongdong for some food and shopping before coming back to check in at 2pm. check-in was fast and the deluxe twin room we booked was very nice.. with 2 queen sized bed with sufficient pillows for 4 of us. toilet was large with separate shower stall and bath. loved the toilet with heated seat and washing facilities. toiletries by aveda were provided and topped up regularly. facial masks, face wash and face sponge was a nice surprise. bring your own toothbrush & paste though. there were 2 tvs in the room, one large one facing the beds, another in a separate sitting area with floor mats and low table. room safe, fridge (with 2 complementary bott of water) and kettle with mugs (nice tea / awful coffee/ cubed sugar) were available in the room. hot/ cold water and ice dispensers outside the rooms were very useful for us. coffee is not cheap in seoul..bring your fav instant coffee for some caffeine boost. security was good. electronic tap cards were used to access the correct floor in the lifts and the room. if you return late in the evening, this card is needed to open the glass goors after you exit the lift where your room is. the housekeepers were all very friendly and do a good job in tidying up the room. we didn't try any of the restaurants in the hotel so no comments there. p&b bakery was a good breakfast place. try the bbq meat restaurants near chunmunro subway. overall, our experience was good. Great location near 3 different metro stations room was pleasant and services provided were excellent. however, do take note that the hotel does not provide toothbrushes and toothpaste so you'll have to bring your own. Big comfortable rooms Nice hotel with helpful & friendly staffs. There is an hourly shuttle bus available to bring you to Chungmoro, Myeongdong, Lotte or Dongdaemun. The room we stayed in was big, comfy, neat & clean. clean, neat, helpful staff, nice tea pot in the room Generally I had pretty nice stay experience with PJ Hotel when I visited Seoul in the past week. Although it is said the check-in time is 2PM, I was told that the room is ready when I arrived at ~1PM. The room is not very spaceful but ok for three people to stay. As many people have comment, the location of the hotel is not very convenient for people to find. It is in the mid point between Meyong Dong and Dongdeamung, but not really within walking distance. Hotel free shuttle bus helps. Breakfast, rooms The rooms were very spacious. The service was good and the breakfast was good as well. Central location, good hotel with a reasonable price We thought the standard of service and presentation were excellent. Most staff spoke good English which was a bonus. Also the staff wre helpful.Room standard and cleanliness were good. Good range of tolietries. Nil Pleasant place to stay in for the price you are paying for. Good value for money” Good location” lovely hotel with nice and clean rooms ” the airport bus stops few blocks away...don't trus” Comfotable Room- Good Choice of Stay!” Decently sized Premier Rooms ” Lovely hotel with comfortable room” Spacious room and friendly staff” Great location and rooms” Good location / spacious room” Good hotel with good size room” Convenient Location” Decent hotel ” Impressive corridor with clean room” Good location and service. Easy access by bus” good location but expensive” Clean hotel” 位置不錯，但離捷運稍遠，約五百公尺” Nice rooms but not for non-smokers” spacious room” Price is cheap It was a pleasant stay in the hotel. Staff was great too. free shuttle bus Kind rception, clean room, near to town center, reasonable price good location, nice and clean. impress with supplies on face mask etc.. everything is nice. people in hotel is helpful and communication in english is not a problem at all california king size bed!! very comfortable!! this is the first time i took airport bus (6015?)...the route did point out PJ...but the driver drop me off in somewhere i don't know!!! neiborhood of the hotel are full of local business (printing street)...no special sight of view...room is not big...but the bed is cal king size!! still a not bad place to take a rest! Shuttle services by hotel Good choice ... Shuttle services provided by hotel is really excellent for first time visit to Seoul. Hotel staffs are friendly and helpful.Room is spacious separate living space, good room size Premier Twin room had 1 king size and 1 super single bed which was more than sufficient for 3 of us. The separate living area provided space to relax and enjoy breakfast comfortably (our booking excluded breakfast). Shower and bathroom was normal sized and a dressing area outside the bathroom provided more room for getting ready during the day. Location of hotel is between Myeong Dong and Dongdaemum, which is not the most convenient if you would like to walk. A walk to MyeongDong is about 15 mins but will seem a tad too long if weather is warm or you've your hands full with shopping bags. Shuttle service is provided but frequency is not high, especially after 11am. If you'd like to take the subway, PJ is located about 5 mins walk from Chungmuro Station but for female travelers, the alleyway is pretty deserted during the evening/night. cucumber face mask. wifi. The family room is spacious as we were 3. All the essential facilities were good. One of the weak point is not all the hotel stuff can speak English so it was quite inconvenient at times. Rooms are spacious, clean and very nicely designed The only drawback is the air-condition where we are not able to lower the temperature below 26 degree. Similarly, it doesn't allow us to adjust it to a higher temperature. Rooms were new and comfortable The hotel is tucked away in a quiet spot but it is actually rather near popular shopping places such as Myeongdong and Dong Dae Mun. It is quite easy to take a cab down, even at night. I got a free upgrade to a deluxe twin room and it was indeed a pleasant surprise. The room was spacey, clean, new and comfortable - and there was free wifi too! I would return for a stay the next time I am in Seoul. Good location / Shuttle bus to major shipping location we (4 ladies) stay there for 5 nights. good location, she close to most scenery places. since we have 4 persons, so sometimes took the taxi even cheaper than to take the subway. room is spacious with balcony although surrending is not so beautiful. room is clean, bed is comfortable, staff is nice and helpful. reciptionist can speak in english and mandarin. surrendered with numerious restaurants and coffee shops. airport bus is not stop in front of the hotel, so hotel should give a more clear instruction in their web site. large room, near Myong Dong market The hotel is in a bit of a strange location, but is within about 10 minute walk of the Myong Dong market. The reception was friendly and people spoke English. The room itself was large, although I had a room with disabled access. The bathroom was large, there were free shampoo, shower gel etc. The room had free wifi and the tv had BBC world (for English speakers). Would recommend if you can get a good price especially if you can get breakfast included. Near Myeong-Dong This is now the 5th time that we've stayed at PJ. We find it a good hotel for the price while being in downtown Seoul. Good location, nice deco Stylish hotel at good location. In between Dongdaemun and Myeong Dong, just 10-15 mins away from these shopping area. Friendly and helpful staff The hotel stay is overall ok. Room is clean and staff is friendly and can speak relatively english. The hotel do not have iron available for use. However, the staff can go extra mile to borrow an iron and the ironing board from their house keeping and lend me. Good job! Modem triple , 7 mins walk to different subways , free shuttle to shopping area. Airport bus 6015 then walk a little bit turn left Go through a corridor . They do have a very small Hotel direction lable. However we missed it and along main road then turn left and left again. They should put some easy spot sign board near Bus stop. Happy stay and reasonable price. good location, room size Location is very good. You can go anywhere by near subway-stations. Room is large enough and has balcony. The front-desk is not friendly. Even you arrived at 12:30 and there were rooms available, he would not allow you to check in until 14:00. And he had a cold-face.... Clean room Pretty standard hotel, nothing to hate nothing to like. It is not easy to find if arrriving by subway. 床大！ This hotel gives a nice view for us, we can see Seoul Tower in our room!But their room service seems forget to supply water for us everyday! In summaries, we appreciate this hotel at this price, but it can be more better! Value and excellent breakfast buffet hotels in korea aren't cheap but this was good value for money; nice breakfast spread as well. location is not the greatest (it is located just outside the main business and entertainment areas of chong-ro) but i never had difficulty getting a cab - the doormen were always helpful flagging one down or calling for one. the main issue for me was the lack of non-smoking rooms and a gym. if you don't mind this then i would recommend this hotel. i stayed at the premium room and it's comfortable. however, a bit difficult to find the hotel even i got off the airport 6015 limousine at the stop "pj hotel". Decent location. Nice rooms but central heating is” Nice Hotel” Comfortable quality local hotel ” Cozy & Pleasant environment with a thumb up” Clean Room & Convenient Location” Nice room and big balcony” Great location, great rooms!” Clean Hotel in good location” good service” Good hotel but isolated location” Friendly and polite staffs ” convenient for visitor, but boring neighborhood” Nice location, but room is small” great location, but beware of certain rooms” Good value for money” Value for money” Good location, comfortable rooms.” Comfort Big Room” Good Location” hotel with very new and modern rooms” Shuttle bus to Myeong-Dong, spacious room the hotel is close to tourist hot spots like myeong-dong and east gate but not easily accessible since it is hidden in the back alleys of a local area. the shuttle bus they offer goes to myeong-dong at every hour till 6pm, which was helpful. the rooms are open and spacious as big city hotels go. we were there for two separate nights. the first night we got a nice room with an open view of downtown. the last night we got a smoky room and asked to be moved into another room, a request the hotel nicely accommodated (the staff was nice and helpful). the room we eventually got was clean but had a smaller floor plan and a room temperature of 30c! when we called about the room temperature, the staff said they couldn't do anything about it because they used central heating. needless to say, we had a good time the first night but not the last. i haven't been to other hotel rooms in seoul so i can't say whether this hotel is worth it for the price of about us$150/night. p.s., i did enjoy the cucumber masks they provided in the room. seoul was a very dry city; the masks did help alleviate the dryness of my face! :) Room is clean, tidy and spacious with good view. good service. room is clean, tidy and sapcious with good view. but, the airbus stop is not in front of the hotel. you need to carry your own luggage by 3 mins walk. location is good and convenient to anywhere. 3 mins walk to the subway station and 15mins walk to myeondong. Clean, comfortable, near Metro the only drawback to the pj that we experienced was that it is not well known so some taxi drivers were a little perplexed. but the hotel has a card with the address in korean with a little map to help. overall its a comfortable hotel with a simple lobby and amenities, which is part of why we liked it. the room was spacious enough with closets, a safe, wifi and the standard fair. but the little dinning nook and space at the door for your shoes made it a bit more homey and local feeling. the hotel isn't there to wow you with luxury or opulent decor. its simple in many ways without any sacrifice on quality. the breakfast buffet is has the most important items and is a reasonable value. again, nothing super special but not at all disappointing. the neighborhood is quiet even though your in the middle of a 11 million person city. it has some old businesses down the older narrow side streets. the metro station is only about a block or two away and if you like walking in cities like we do, you can reach some great areas and land marks with a 20 or 30 min stroll. nice balcony with a view of N tower Seoul It is a very nice hotel that i have been stayed with a very sincere services of the staff. This is a surprise that the room have a balcony with the view of N tower, it's totally awesome. The tidiness was very satisfied. Reminder: It just a bit far away from the subway but the hotel shuttle bus is avaliable via Myeong Dong. free shuttle to shopping areas, English speaking concierge, high tech toilet seat, hot & cold water dispenser on each floor Traveling with 2 children, it was an easy stroll of about 5 minutes to and from the subway station. We took the Airport Limousing bus from Incheon Airport. Adult fare was 10,000 KRW while child fare was 8,000 KRW. Check-in was quick. The concierge provided brochures for day tours. Key cards were used to access the elevators and the sliding door of the hallway to the room. The floor had a water and ice dispenser. The premier twin room we booked was lovely and clean. It was roomy enough with its king and twin beds. There were 2 flat screen TV's, one in front of the bed & one at the dining area. I liked the high tech heated toilet seat. It had buttons for bidet & even a dryer. The bathroom has a separate tub & shower. I loved the dining nook by the window. There were robes, slippers, hair dryer & in-room safe. Toiletries were by Aveda. We brought our own toothbrushes and toothpaste though. Service was prompt when we requested extra pillows. The beds were comfy enough for us. We could hear some noise from the hallway or the next room at times but it didn't really bother our sleep. The hotel runs a scheduled free shuttle to the subway / bus stop and shopping areas. Facing the front lobby from the outside, there's a Family Mart convenience store on the left side of the hotel building. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and wouldn't hesitate to book here again if we go back to Seoul. Good triple room and hotel staff are friendly Good triple room, nice and neat, location not perfect but within walking distance to train and free shuttle bus to central district. Location, room decoration, high ceiling corridors Overall the stay at PJ Hotel was great. The hotel was initially difficult to find, but once you find it you'd realise it is easily accessible from nearby subway stations. To get to the hotel, take the airport express bus 6015 and let the driver know that you are going to PJ hotel. The bus drops you off at the main road, which leads towards Chungmuro station. The hotel is on your right. Walk through a narrow alley and you'll see the hotel across the road. Note: As i was travelling alone i felt it better not to access the subway station via this route. Instead, walk along the main road to Euljiro 4 (Sa)-ga station, from the hotel exit that leads you to Family Mart. The hotel is convenient for those who would like to do alot of shopping. From the hotel you could either walk to Dongdaemun via the underground shopping mall at the subway station or to Myeongdong, which is about 2 subway stations away. The room which i stayed was strategically facing the east side, and in the mornings i could see the sunrise from the room. Certainly a bonus there. Also, the hotel provided complimentary coffee and tea packs (sugar cubes included too), as well as facial masks for the guests. Room size was slightly on the small side, but as i was travelling alone the size was optimal. Another bonus is that the hotel has english-speaking receptionists, which certainly helped alot for guests asking about directions, food, etc. clean, location This is the 4th time we've stayed here. It is a nice hotel overall. If there is one thing that detracts it is the heat. The rooms get very hot and there is no way to cool them down enough. good service, close to mrt hard to find, but once you find it, it's a pretty good location - 7 min walk from MRT. Nice and clean. Free Wi-Fi. good view. They answered pretty much any questions I asked. Good rooms but isolated location. Good hotel but isolated location. No room service and no 24 hour coffee shops to cater to midnight snacks and nearby restaurants dont speak english which made it hard for us since we arrived at the hotel 12am. Staff is kind courteous though and room size is perfect. Room was spacious and clean Staffs are helpful though couldn't really communicate well in English . Location not so good as hotel didn't provide room service for food . Walking distant to convenient stores only. Room was spacious with clean bathroom . Overall worth the money spent . very convenient location to travel as the hotel is clise to many subway lines. also not far from a few tourist attactions by walk (10-15 mins) there is nothing much around 100 meter proximity of the hotel, except a few cafes and some convenient stores, but the access to many subway lines and relatively close attractions such as insadong and the cheonggyecheon makes up for it. if u dont mind spend a little bit walking time to the hotel i think you willl like walking through many small hardware, lighting fixtures, and many small industrial stores. Prime location. The stair case in front tof the hotel from parking lot to lobby kills. Arrived in the middle of the night, freezing cold and no bell boy. Therefore I have to carry my luggage all the way to the reception. Location, Cleanliness, Modern i was unfortunately given a room that did not look anything like the picture. the room had one small window that occupied the top third of one of the walls. the tv and mirror were installed in front of the window, so half of the light was blocked. the room was very clean and the bathroom was very spacious; however, i could not get over its basement-like feel. it had to talk to management 3 times before they agreed to provide a different room for the remainder of my trip. the second room, was just like the pictures, had a balcony and a much better feeling in general. it was very pleasant. beware of room 837! Walking distance to Myeong-Dong The hotel is worth the money. The room and facilities are adequate. Hotel staff has good command of English. The place is in walking distance to Myeong-dong and just about 5 mins taxi ride to Namsan Tower. Close to Myeong-dong and Namsan Tower the hotel is good value for money. it is within walking distance to myeong dong and namsan tower. the hotel room and facilities are more than adequate and the room has big balcony. hotel staff has very good command of english. Good variety of surrounding F&B outlets. Friendly staff. Free hi-speed Internet wifi. Comfortable and spacious rooms. Free Hotel Bus Shuttle, big room with balcony Free hotel shuttle bus to Myengdong, Namdaemun etc. Staff speak good english and are friendly & helpful. Room is big with balcony and new. Clean and Friendly Hotel is bout 5 minutes away from Chungmuro Station and one station away from Myeongdong. Located near the major retail and tourist destinations (Myeondong, Nam Dae Mun etc). A good choice for tourists on a free and easy visit to Seoul. Room Very clean and excellent staff! Reasonably priced hotel with sufficient facilities to budget travellers. shuttle service to myeongdong shopping district Free shuttle service to Myeong dong district and lotte duty free saved us a lot on transport. However, there were not many food places nearby and food within hotel is a bit pricey Rooms were clean and with contemporary designs Very Modern Hotel.” Nice room and great service” Great comfy hotel with a great staff” Lovely hotel and very good location” Highly recommanded for all” Modern style, full facilities and good location.” Nice hotel” Nice rooms with balcony although walls are thin” Nice Hotel... a little out of the way” good hotel” Location is good & nice rooms” That's fine but nothing special. ” Nice and Modern Hotel” Good Hotel with large rooms” Smart hotel in a less smart but handy location” Convenient hotel, great location.” Nice boutique hotel for brief stay” Nice hotel” Good value for money” Good hotel but not easy to be found” The facilities and the service. I liked the hotel room a lot. Very decent and its up to its 4 star standard. The location is however a distance away from the city but on the way, there are things to see and a few fast food restaurants and family marts so its not that bad. Value for money The staff was very helpful in assisting with directions and reservations. The rooms, the staff were good, the location and the tour guide or group they are offering we checked in at pj hotel this jan 2012 and stayed there for 5 days. when we arrived we had some difficulty at 5am in the morning finding this hotel since our bus just dropped us off at chungmoro station. it was very cold walking that alley and a little it frightening bit when we saw the nice facade of our hotel we were really happy. it was warm when we entered (thankfully) and the staff speaks good english and very accommodating. but to our consternation, no early check in is allowed since no guests had checked out yet and will be available at 10am. we also had to pay an extra $37 for early check in and we didn't really care, since we are so wasted. we ate at their buffet, but the food is below average for a 4 star hotel and a little bit expensive. its okay if the food is yummy, it it's really crummy for our taste. they even allowed us to stay at the 8th floor business lounge to rest and we were able to sleep there at their comfy couches. when we checked in at our triple room deluxe were so happy because the room is big, with comfy beds and the cr is really nice with heated seats. the room is just right for the 3 of us and were very happy with their amenities, they even have a water and ice dispenser at the lobby. we also just booked our tours at the lobby and were so lucky that they are offering korea tours co. because this group has completed and made our stay more fun in korea. we went to different tourists spots with this group and they are very good, especially mr. peter kim who knows the history and culture of his country very much. they are so informative, accomodating and it felt as if they really care for us and treated us, as family, the rates are also very reasonable. thank you very much, pj hotel for the nice accommodations because after our tour we are so tired, but just arriving at the hotel uplifts us, and thank you and company for the wonderful stay in korea. i'll definitely go back and stay in this hotel again and book korea tours again. Good selling point and near metro station the english language was poor and room serives not that much you have to aske for water every day for tea spacious layout and good security moderately located aith transport to major tourists locations and frequency is acceptable till 10pm. However, the train station can be quite a distance to walk with small children travelling together. Especially with cold weather. Taxi could be the next alternative as the distance to the shopping area is nearby and taxi charges is approximate 3000 won. Clean room and full facilities. The hotel room was very clean. They have provided the PC and internet for searching information during staying. The hotel location is quite close to the shopping area and sightseeing area. The hotel style is modern. They also provide the large screen LED TV with HD channel. The cleaning foam in the bath room was very good during winter time. Location Stay there for 3 nights, really enjoy it. Very comfortable to going everywhere. Bright and clean, large beds, balcony Really nice hotel, with large, clean, comfortable beds. The balcony with ceiling to floor slide door was a plus. Room was fairly large size with space for coffee table and large ornamental lighting fixtures. Only one person at the bell desk in lobby which is a pain if more than one person requires assistance. Reception wont do anything other than checkin/out, currency exchange. Provides a free shuttle bus around the local shopping/tourist hot spots. You get the feeling they are stingy with the free bottled water - only one per person for the entire stay - as opposed to other hotels (of lesser stars) that provide free drink refills everyday. Walls are abit thin. You can hear your neighbours talking at night. The hotel has quite a large set of set steps to climb up to get to the entrance - which isnt particularly enticing after a long day of being on your feet all day. The hotel isnt really close to the Myeongdong/Dongdaemun shopping area; it is 2-3 stations from the area. The hotel does provide a shuttle bus that goes along the tourist/shopping routes but you need to be aware of where it stops for pick ups and drop off and approx. times. The shuttle bus stops running too early considering the alot of the shops open pretty much all night - well into the next morning. Seems like alot of negatives, but overall, not too bad. Could probably get better value for money elsewhere. However, after staying in the worst hotel in the world (in Hong Kong) this hotel is mighty good. close to Myeong-Dong, good staff, free shuttle This is the third time that we've stayed here. It is a nice hotel that is not overly priced. It is located closed to Myeong-Dong. It is a little walk from the subway station through some sketchy areas. The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are nice. The one complaint is that the rooms get quite warm and it is hard to turn the heat down to a manageable temperature. Overall, it is a good hotel to stay at in Seoul. location is very convenient good size room and very clean, the hotel staffs are friendly and the cleaning ladies come in early as well. the location is very handy, about 10 minutes walk from the Mindong shopping district. lots of Japanese travellers stay there. There's free shuttle service to the airport shuttle station and the Mindong shopping area/MRT station during the day, at night time there's free shuttle service to Dondameng district. Shuttle bus to most shopping areas in seoul. Hotel guest speaks & understands English good for non speaking hangul language. Free shuttle bus to most shopping areas & rooms are of a good size for walking & extra luggage. Tidy room good location, nice staff and tidy room. also i liked the bed. it's very comfortable. the room was a bit dark but that was not too bad. Staff were very friendly We were upgraded to a suite room, since they said the hotel was very full on that day. The staffs were very helpful and friendly. The hotel have free shuttle bus to the center, which is really toughtful, because the hotel is a bit far from city center. Rooms are large, with twin King Double Bed Generally rooms were huge with double twin beds and the services were commendable. Free internet, well-appointed room, helpful staff and not far from major attractions and markets This modern comfortable hotel is a quick metro journey from Central Station with it's airport line. It is on the edge of the well-known Myeong-Dong eating and shopping area in a low-rise area of small printing businesses, and so you will need to take the Metro from Chungmuro station to get to the main attractions and shopping areas. The free shuttle bus is also well-worth using in this regard, although you need to allow plenty of time at the return pick-up locations as the schedule can vary wildly according to traffic conditions. The room was clean, comfortable and well-appointed. Staff were generally helpful, especially the concierge at the entrance.The Korean restaurant on the lower ground floor doesn't function at weekends. We backed out from the coffee shop when we saw the price of the coffee! (Plenty of alternatives in easy walking distance). The hotel is good value compared to others of its class in more central locations. loved the internet and computers The shuttle bus was very convenient! The hote location was very good. It was a walk distance to the Koreas most popular street Myeondong and it was very easy to access any shuttle bus from hotel to department stores and airport. The staff was very nice and polite. it was good that they normal price food in downstairs . noticed a lot of japanese tourists visited the hotel. i think for japanese its good to stay. also there was many easy accesses to the metro and local buses. i noticed some buses to Namsang tower were easy to access. Convenient. Good location. good location with affordable price. walking distance to subway stations and convenience stores. free shuttle provided to myeondong. Close to subway My stay at the hotel did not started well. When i first checked into the room, we found a cockroach in the hotel room. We called the hotel staff and he promptly arrived to helped. However he wasnt able to catch it and offer an upgrade to their suite room. Of course the suite is beautiful....one other thing was that the hotel impose a surcharge for my child though it was not stated when we book it. The surcharge wasnt for extra bed nor for breakfast...just a surcharge...period. Nice clean hotel Nice clean hotel with good location to chungmuro subway and easy walking distance to myeondong. High-class hotel Took bus from Incheon and got off at Chongmo-ro, it actually takes 5 minutes walking but difficult to find out. Room is very good, clean and neat. Good for business trip. good location good facilities of room ” lovely hotel” Lovely hotel with a spacious room” Lovely hotel, good location and good rates” great location and room very big” Very nice hotel with helpful staff” great location and good rooms ” Good Hotel and Service” Hotel with really nice and clean room” nice room” Nice hotel but the location can be better” great location” Great Location” Nice Hotel and Friendly Staff” Nice Room & Services” Practical facilities with good access ” Value for money and a comfortable stay” Value for money rooms at a good location” Value for money” Great Hotel” room is good - automatic (light,toilet ) - hot,cool water is free of charge including ice (there is a big machine out side of the room for guests), location is fine (about 15mn walk to Myeong Dong area,safe area), maid service is so kind people. while receptionists aren't that good service enough. if you don't mind of walking abit and feel like staying near myeong dong. i would suggest this hotel- because of their good facilities of room service . decoration of room is fine type - while all items are magnificent (toilet ,light etc are automatic -touch screen). not far walk to a wide street which you can easily find those convenience store(seven elevent store and or shops ,restaurants ,coffee shops). walk to myoeng dong is about 15mn (korea is safe country - we tried to walk from hotel to myeong dong area at night time ,11 pm, very easy to walk and safe.) although hotel has shuttle bus service can bring you to those shopping ares ,but service time shall be closed at 9pm. which is too early ). well , overall is good though. for us , this triple room is fine type and clean and proper convenience, have a try though. comfortable & clean well suited hotel for a brief stay in seoul. clean, friendly, and generall adequate. thank you Location Great location,spacious room and good service with a smile Good location. Close to shopping area nice, clean and comfortable and near to the main shopping area. it is also within walking distance to the main bus-stop that goes to the airport. the roads which the hotel is situated is a little run-down though, however this is minor. room very nice great location and the room very big and clean. toilet is clean and very nice.the staff helpful and have shuttle bus go surounding there. the hotel near subways.facility good until outside rooms have despenser cold and hot water and ice cube. i will came stay again in this hotel. Lovely room, more spacious than expected. Staff very helpful and informed. Strange location but more interesting than the usual hotel strip. we were only in seoul for one night and quite late when we arrived. hotel was comfortable and easy. staff also very helpful, making our short stay hassle-free. the rooms and features I love this PJ hotel very much.The rooms are very big and nice.It is also very clean,even the toilets.Outside the rooms,there is a water dispencer,it has water in hot and cold temperature.There is also ice.The staff there are very friendly.Whenever i walk past them,they will smile at me.The shuttle bus is very convienient for me.It brings me to places in Seoul.The hotel is also located near the subway.It is very easy for us to get around. clean and cool, good service It would be better if you could provide shuttle service to the hotel.... Free shuttle bus service to Myeong Dong, Namsan and Lotte Shopping Mall. Walking distance to the subway. Clean and nice room good for restful nights. Only set back is that the enviroment outside the hotel is not so modern and nice. equipment PJ will be for accommodation before the hostel is not satisfied on After the change to PJ Many feel really bad Hall Service Room equipment Lovely furnishings, good service This hotel seems to be done up tastefully. Rooms are really spacious and it was a comfortable stay in this hotel. Location aside, it was overall quite a good stay here at PJ. shuttle services When I reached the hotel,the concierge guided us all the way through and helped us with our luggage. We got to check in our bags in their storage room since we arrived earlier than our planned time, we've got useful information that we could use while we explore the town. Wonderful staff, great surroundings and well organised rooms, the only thing is that the sheets were not changed daily since we requested so Location It is location between 3 train stations all within 10mins walk. Area surronding hotel is printing press hence can be a bit quiet at night internet and shutle bus were free hotel rooms are very clean and facilities are very new. the size of the room is excellent. staff was friendly and speak english very well. althought hotel are not located in the main road but it's still very convenience to go to shopping mall because this hotel had a shutle bus. so overall it's a pleasant hotel to stay. well recommended. Spacious room and helpful staff The room is clean and room size is bigger than expected. It's quite spacious compare to other hotel rooms. And all the staff are very helpful. Location is also convenient although it's not in the centre of tourist area. Only 5min walk to subway and airport bus station. Hot/cold water and ice dispenser on every floor, PC in every room with internet access and webcam. Really loved the hotel's bed and room facilities.There is even a business center on every floor available 24 hours ( for free) where you can surf the internet and print too ( have to provide your own paper). The hotel is though near 3 subway stations, it is located at a quiet dark alley and felt a little unsafe at night. Other than that, the room was perfect and service was great! There is even free shuttle service to myeong-dong and dongdemum etc.. ( but becareful of the time because it is not so frequent in the afternoons!) Spacious and clean room. Hot and cold water cooler in the corridor. 5-7 mins walk to the subway station. Relatively centralized location. PJ hotel was a pleasant home for us in Seoul. The staff speaks decent English and they are pretty helpful. The room was much bigger than expected and the furniture are well maintained. My only grouse is that the hotel has no room service. The hotel has a shuttle bus that goes to nearby tourist spots. All in all, we had a very comfortable stay in Seoul in PJ Hotel. Value for money! Stayed for just 1 night but enough to give them a good rating as this hotel is clean, pretty well maintained, and even has a balcony for the price we paid! Location is great and a short walk to Chungmuro station. And if you are lazy to walk, take their shuttle bus where it drops you off at the right places. Just 1 not so good comment; The hotel is not good for tall people, cos if you are 1.85m and above, you probably have to sit down to take a bath. Near subway, few minutes away seoul famous tourist spots The rooms are clean and decent. Location is perfect, chungmuro station is connected to the seoul's famous tourist spots. Many local korean restaurants situated near the hotel. Quiet and comfortable. The concierge people are helpful trying to speak english and understand our inquiries Overall, we had a great deal from agoda. We are happy and satisfied. location nearby Enjii Station 4 this is a great hotel with reasonable price at seoul ,location nearby enjii station 4 take walking about 5-8 mins , you can enjoy the best and polite service there , but there have some no good is the show water unstable work ( sometime hot /sometime cold ) . -if you go to menyidong , you could take walking about 10-15mins . overall is the best chioce nice hotel” Spacious room with great amenity” Nice Hotel with shuttle bus service” Quality hotel at reasonable price” perfect location to look around interest points” nice hotel in good location” Good location, efficient shuttle & honest staff” Good location with good service” Lovely hotel with a great location” nice hotel and nice services” big room, good facilities” A great room with personal computer” Speak Good English, Helpful and Comfort” Big Rooms in Good Area” Well furnished hotel with good service” good hotel for bussiness trip ” Nice service, great location, free wifi in room” Value for money, conveniet location” Great location” Overall is a good choice of hotel to stay” good service All the staffs in PJ hotel are nice, they can speak english well. The room are cleaned. They provided computer in the room so that can access internet. The location of the Hotel also good. It's near the subway. Shuttle bus route is so convenient, covering famous tourist attraction i.e., myangdong, lotte, namdaemun, dongdaemun, etc. and the distance from the hotel to Chungmaru subway station is only 5 mins by walk. Though the hotel is not centered in the heart of myangdong, the subway is considered very closed and the shuttle bus really helps in getting around the city. The room is quite spacious compared with those city hotels in myangdong. And, in overall, the lobby and quest room are new and clean with modern look and feel. shuttle bus service, convenient store at ground floor, helpful staff very nice hotel, this is my second time staying st the hotel, i have a room upgrade to junior suite and i was surprised to find that there is a computer inside the bedroom! the staff is really helpful especially the shuttle bus driver who will help to move the luggage when you get off at the airport bus station which is just 3 min drive from the hotel. generally very happy with the stay and will probably book this hotel for my next trip. Convenient location with good quality service pj hotel is a very quality hotel with convenient location, just 3-4 mins walk from subway. also, the room is spacious and clean. i must book this hotel again if i revisit seoul next time. their price is very reasonable with high quality service and nice environment. the staff there are quite good at english, highly appreciate! all emplyees are so kind. whenever to visit korea, i will think about this hotel first. location, price, service the stay was nice, nothing fancy but really clean good staff, no room service though. no air con in winter, with very strong inroom heasting - a bit too much  we are very pleased with our stay at pj. we are particularly pleased with the shuttle service that brought us to the many shopping districts from morning till night. it saved us a lot of transportation expense. the shuttle also brought us with our many luggages to the airport limo bus stop when it was time to leave. we enjoyed eating in the small korean restaurants in the area and if there was craving for the regular fastfood, these were also available within walking distance. we didn't get to try the hotel restaurants because we were usually out early and came home really late. pj had very honest staff. my wife left a pair of earrings at the bed side table and my daughter left her leather gloves in the shuttle, both items did not get lost and were readily found. pj accomodated all our luggages when we arrived before check-in, so we were able to leave our stuff without checking-in yet. Convenient location It is easier and shorter distance to reach PJ hotel by alighting at the airport bus stop infront of Best Western Kukdo. The next stop which the driver insisted was the correct, actually turned out to be an uneven road, lots of obstacle, which end up opposite the PJ hotel - you have to cross the road with your luggage! PJ hotel is clean and well facilitated. Very convenient to travel to shopping centres and place of interest. There are two subway lines within walking distance. nice services my clients reported that they were happy and satisfied with what they had,they didnt expect that great adventure actually but this hotel made them would love to go back again someday.. more discount to make more interesting it was great time to stay,would love to stay there again staff friendly,big room iam stay at PJ Hotel 2 days, and i very happy because have a big room and facilities in here. Large king size bed, lcd tv wall hung, personal computer stayed around december time in the cold winter. sick upon arrival but staff put me at ease and when i saw my room i was happy because of the large bed and nice amenities. i have to say though that initially the hotel is a bit difficult to find but i soon found a quick way to get there from the station. one thing is that there is a stair leading to the hotel, no other way of getting up, so if you have luggage with you, you might be concerned, but luckily they have a conveyor belt where you simply place your bag on and it will take your bag up. i really enjoyed the food downstairs - korean food. the free shuttle service was very good, ran on time and the staff were helpful in guiding me to where it was. Smiling with the Service i give credit to this hotel and no negative views on that. the staffs speak very good english, friendly and helpful. they have a cheerful presentation. location is good near the subway and very close to walk to mydeong. they also have free shuttle bus to travel around the neighbourhood area. airport shuttle bus 6015 stop in front of the best western kukdo hotel.. they are plenty korean resturant behind the hotel. i definetly would recommend it to my friends and will stay again. Giant Rooms with a nice balcony The stay at PJ Hotel was nice. It didn't have anything super fancy but was very comfortable with very large rooms. The hotel was located close to everything. Definitely worth another opportunity to impress me. Well furnished, clean and tidy, free wifi, spacious room Does not provide toothbrushes and toothpaste It takes about ten mins to walk from chungmuro station and five mins from euljiro4(sa)-ga station, the hotel is much more bigger than I expected from the outlook and it's lobby, the service is good even the bell boy who served us was meticulous, the room is big! We booked a deluxe twin room and there are one queen size bed (~5.5' - 6') and a 4' single bed, there is also a balcony but it was too cold for us to stay long, otherwise it is a good place to take a rest, the room becomes tidy again and with a good scent when we get back everyday, it takes only several subway stations to the main attractions like myeongdong, dongdaemun and namdaemun It is really highly recommended! shuttle bus to key view site the room and bath room is so small i selected this hotel as my bussiness trip in seoul kroea last week. the reception was kind and warm. the hotel has good location with nearby metro station. and it also has shuttle bus for sightseeing and shoping. the only one thing i would like to suggest is to add some chinese introduction leaflets for the chinese travels. overall, i think i did a right choise on selecting this hotel. and also thanks for agoda's best rate. Great location for shopping; free frequent shuttle bus to shopping areas. Near subway stations. Airport Bus nearby. Large twin beds. Coffee and Tea provided only on first day of stay. Unable to extend check-out time by even 30 minutes. stayed 3 nights on a last minute booking made at 12.20pm. instant confirmation by agoda and when we arrived at 1.45pm, the room was ready. helpful front desk staff speaks decent english and provided us with the hotel card and wrote in korean directions to the hotel. the hotel is near a few subway staions, all within 5-minute walk. our room on the 10th floor has a balcony. there's an ice machine near the lift on our floor. pretty expensive. but the location is good. Value for money, conveniet location None Very attentive staff, even cleaning lady called the elevator when she saw me walking from my room to elevator. Near subway and airport bus hard to get room booking This is a value for money hotel. Conveniently located in the city central near shopping mall. Access to train services is good. This hotel is serviced by airport bus service. Can easily find good korean food and western food near the hotel. Spacious and clean room equipped with LCD television set. I liked the complimentary wifi high speed broad band internet service provided. Good service from hotel staffs, good location and easy excess to shopping areas  I am quite pleased with my stay there for 4 days. Will recommend to my friends. Decent Hotel, good location, bad bed sheets!” hotel” PJ Hotel” Great Hotel with free shuttle bus” Ideally located” Not bad but not great” the hotel should provide options to include breakf” Enjoyable stay” Nice hotel” Not for first time traveller” Nice on the inside” Clean and Spacious Room with Free Shuttle Bus ” Nice hotel, good services,” PJ Hotel ” A nice stay” nice hotel ” Good Hotel” good service ” Clean & large room size.” Right in the heart of culture and buzz of Seoul” Good size rooms, great balconies, good location for sightseeing, decent value for money, free internet in room (plus business centre - free printing), friendly & helpful staff  Good value for money, large rooms and large balconies. In a wholesale area just next to Myeongdong (15-20min walk), but you can also walk to a large number of major sights (Gyeongbokgung, Insadong, Cheonggyecheong, Changdokgung, Bukchon Hanok Village) very easily. Free shuttle bus service. Staff are excellent, friendly and helpful. Sheets on bed very terrible though - staff courtesy  hotel is convenience located in walking distance to shopping center. Hotel room is clean and cozy the beds were comfortable. linen was changed- bathroom toilet seat was electric - Air con,fridge and kettle. Breakfasts were self service. Water was provided  I stayed at the Somerset Palace Hotel in 2009 and thought it was better value as breakfasts were included in the overall price. In addition the room was much larger and better equipped (I booked through a travel agent). The breakfasts at the PJ were expensive and although I enjoyed what I ate , my husband said that they did not keep the food hot where necessary. I would have appreciated the inclusion of an iron in the rooom as clothes get creased when travelling. value for money none within walking distance to subway stations (2 different lines), staffs are nice enough, free shuttle bus, water cooler on every floor, business lounge, PC with free internet on every room, techno bathroom with toilet-seat warmer good location to major attractions small tv in room the hotel staff is friendly. The welcome area looks fine and the automated luggage lift at the entrance gives the first wow effect. Front desk is just ok. The rooms get cleaned nicely and some rooms have good views as well. Overall ok. wished they had a bigger tv. Did not dine there so cannot really evaluate. But there is a coffee bean close by that was my breakfast venue Great shuttle bus to take you to central shopping areas; the bathroom has fatastic amenities. Insufficient lighting in the room. No decent coffee in the room For breakfast there was only an option of full buffet including Korean food, and we could not opt (and pay) for Western breakfast only. However we found a great little diner just outside the hotel where we could eat Western breakfast, lunch and dinner. the front desk provides top class services there is no non-smoking floor This is my second time visiting Seoul and I found it very enjoyable. The hotel is conveniently located and have easy access to all shopping areas. The shuttle bus provided by the hotel is very useful especially for first time visitors. The only recommendation I have is to have one non-smoking floor. I'm allergic to smoking so had to change my room on the second night. walking distance from chungmuro station, clean and extraordinary comfortable bed lack of facilities I have an enjoyable stay at PJ. The room size is reasonable, very clean and the bed is very comfortable. The hotel is less than 5 minutes walk from airport limousine 6015 station and chungmuro station. There are all sorts of bakery, fast food, restaurants and convenient stores around. Very convenient for tourist as well as business travellers. Nice clean hotel, very friendly and helpful staff Area is not the best but very interesting, air com very poor. The hotel is excellent, but surrounded by printing shops and is quite run down area. The staff are very welcoming and friendly, i was given a huge room with a large widescreen tv and a computer with free internet access. On the downside the room was very hot and the aircon made no difference no matter what setting it was on. Good service, staff speaks English The hotel is not directly accessible by airport bus or seoul metro I chose to stay in PJ Hotel, because a friend recommended this hotel to me. For first time traveller in Seoul, like me, PJ Hotel may be a little bit hard to find. Overall, the hotel offer spacious rooms, and a lot of support to its customers. The shuttle bus service is excellent, which give you an alternative method to travel to popular tourist spot nearby. friendly professional service, good clean room with balcony, clean modern bathroom, within walking distance of three subway stations (10 mins) not such a beautiful area Although walking down a very ordinary looking backstreet to find the PJ, once walking in to the foyer was greeted by friendly, welcoming staff. Very refreshing and had no problems with my Agoda booking done the previous evening. Checked in early to a room that's carpet was still a little wet from shampooing, but with the door left open was fine by the time I returned later. Balcony is plain and overlooking an old untidy part of the city. But having the fresh air option is always a plus. Myeong-dong is a 10-15 minute walk away, so not the most central to that area. It's about a 10 minute walk to the Airport bus-stop. Rooms were spacious and clean. Free shuttle bus services to various tourist places and attractions. Save on transportation. Not many attactions within walking distance. Will recommend friends to this hotel for its cleaniness and spaciousness. Not much of problem with travelling as free shuttle service is provided. Can always hail a cab back to hotel which fare is reasonable. Otherwise, can always take subway which you will need help from locals to purchase as it is in Korean language. The location is good. The hotel's shuttle bus service is very convenience. All the stuff at the front desk are very helpful. The room is very nice. There is no resturants/coffe shops around hotel. If you want to find somewhere to eat. You have to go to the Myeongdong. Only two things made us not feel confortable. There is no resturants/coffe shops around hotel. If you want to find somewhere to eat. You have to go to the Myeongdong. The second thing we don't like is: A lot of taxi drivers don't know where is the "PJ Hotel", but they do know the location if you can provide the hotel's full name to them. YES, PJ is the hotel's short term name. BUT, there is no way you can find the full name from the hotel's information. We tried to look into the room access card and the booking confirmation. It's only showing "PJ HOTEL". But korean people don't know what it is. We got so many troubles to go back to the hotel at the first night in Seoul. We almost give up and hopeless, then we stopped the 6th taxi. The driver told us the hotel has a full name. Therefore, if you book this hotel, I suggest you to ask the front desk people to write down the hotel's full name on your access card as soon as you check in, so that you can be easily go back to the hotel. Staff are polite, most of them can communicate in English. Hard to find if you are first time here. Every staff were nice and friendly. We spend 2 nights here. First when I reached I was a bit disappointed due to the area and surrounding, a bit difficult to find the hotel at first. Hotel did provide shuttle bus to some famous areas in the city which is good and convenient. Comfortably sized rooms, Computer pool with internet access. A little further away from the main station than I expected This was a very comfortable stay. The staff were very friendly, helpful and spoke excellent English. My room was a nice size and had a balcony. Cable tv is provided meaning there are a few english shows you can watch, eg news and movies. The location was a little out of the way but also not to bad as it was inbetween myeong-dong and a major market so every thing was around 15- 20 minutes walk away. clean and neat not easy to find the way from bus station to the hotel A nice Hotel. Room is small but clean and neat. The staff was very welcoming and helpful. Location is close to everything by walking Located in busy environment I will stay in this hotel again, the staff are friendly and very helpfull. Clean and big hotel. The room I stayed in was little bit small but big bed and internet is provided in the room. I don't get breakfast but so many local people selling food for good price. hotel have shuttle bus to airport ,good location the service is not warm good location and convenient to any shoping center Room is large and comfort. Although it locate near myeong-dong, it need to walk several mins to metro station. And surrounding is quite slient at night. Room is large and comfort. And the service is good. It is no good that it not locate in the metro line, it need to walk to nearly metro for 5 mins walk (20m). And the airport bus-stop (limonsin) was also not near. And you can walk to Myeong-dong shopping area for ~20 mins walk. It was good that hotel provide a free shuttle to Myeong-dong, metro station, airport bus-stop and dangdaeman. But it only provide hourly. Not much shop or resturant in surrounding. Cost is good with 25% discount in Agoda. Overall, this hotel is good. Nice and clean hotel and room. Front desk staff spoke English and were helpful and polite. Near to the palaces and traditional parts of Seoul. Good value for money Not along the main road of the Airport Bus but it's only 5-10 mins walk from the stop. Ask the bus driver to point the way. Although not right in the heart of the Myeongdong shopping district, it's just a short 15 minutes' walk to the Myeongdong shopping areas. The hotel's free shuttle that operates at 30-minute intervals in the morning and at one-hour intervals in the afternoon and night is a great way to visit many of the populars sights around the Central Seoul areas. Or you can walk, its takes only 15 to 30 minutes to reach many of the must-visit destinations.
 More for business travellers” Short stay Samseong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul” 매우 좋음” Great location and great price.” Overall, satisfactory. ” small rooms” it's pretty good” Clean hotel nice staff ” Tiny” Good location but tight condition” 매우 좋음” Good location but not the hotel” Cleanliness ” Convenient hotel ” Tiny little room” Good location near Coex” The location was the best ” 매우 좋음” Nice choice to stay nearby COEX ” Good” It's clean and comfortable though small. We had 2 check in bags and had no place to put them. Can be noisy from the sound from the streets and neighbouring rooms. Simply value for money - comfortable, clean, efficient staff and rooms, no extra frills but all the basics and excellent showers. Breakfast reasonable, could be better. I only stayed 2 nights , I needed cotton and needle due to my jacket button came off . There wan't anything like that in the bathroom amenities, understandable this is sort of budget business hotel. So I asked to the front desk, she ask me to come to the front desk in stead of deliver to my room. It is not great service but I thought it is ok so far. When I went down to front desk , there was small very bad quality, not usable box. but there wasn't any black cotton there. She rang to house keeping service but there wan't any black cotton. I thought very bad customer service and that size hotel, should have at least one usable sewing kit. And front desk staff wasn't interested, just attitute like it is not my business. It is a shame ,details are not good and not will to do anything. Neat little hotel with small but functional rooms. Great neigbourhood out the back and the COEX right in front. Perfect! Booked this hotel on an urgent basis. No major problems. Right opposite Coex and City airport. Good for its convenience. Small gym. Didn’t have breakfast here. Good locations near the Coex and other business centers. Though clean and efficient the room was extremely small and claustrophobic with a single size bed a window overlooking the side of another building. No room to even open full size luggage. Avoid the x01 rooms in front of elevators. it's close to the metro take a walk within 10 mins, but the room quite small. actually it's good for me. Clean and comfortable hotel. Staff is helpful. Thanks Katie’s help to solve little issue (fire alarm lighting) in room! The room is very, very small. But the location is superb--right across from the bus terminal to the airport, surrounded by excellent food and drink and 200 meters from a main subway station. Overall, I'd go stay there again if I had to. The hotel is located near the city terminal, where easily walk from the bus station. However, the room is quite small and very tight for family staying, so only 2 persons per room is maximum, where you cannot ask for extra sheet or pillow for small kid. But it is closed to Mcdonald and 7-11 where you can access to good breakfast. good location...near airport early check in This hotel had a good location can go to subway thru the B3 exit 5 myeongdong st. During our stayed for 4 days they never change the bed sheet cover that was a red spot, no lotion and tooth brush. The ac wasn't cold 28° so we have to open the window, never fix it. Room Cleaning must be prompt. I found dusts on the Menu Book in the room. Small room but clean. Helpful staff! Opened the room door and there was the toilet. Near Coex and the Line 2 samseong station. We stayed here for 2 nights in the October. It was pretty much beginning of autumn so it was kinda cold but not to the extent that we do not need any ac, and somehow the hotel decided to turn the heater on So we complained to the staff and after struggling with 29 degree celcius on the first night (without ac), they finally helped us turned the ac on back 😅 Room size was smaller Clean and comfortable room; kind and helpful staffs. This is a just the right place to stay nearby COEX if you're looking for a walk distance hotel. This is a clean and affordable hotel. Well located property opposite the City Airport Check in ” good location” I was traveling with my sister from US” Close to Subway & Malls ” Very near COEX and Subway” great location in gangnam area” Horrible wifi” Close to COEX..” location” nice stay” Perfect location for business travel in Kangnam” Single traveler ” Good location” very good” good” Gd” Good Location” clean and easy access” Not bad” quite good” The hotel is a neat property, very clean and renovated and well located opposite the City Air Terminal. However the room size is very small; cupboards measly, no place for luggage, and the beds small, frivolous and uncomfortable. It is just OK for a night stay for business travel; nothing more. its a good location hotel if you have some business in COEX area. The problem I had with some staffs as they showed some insensitivity and was very defensive when i brought it to their attention We reserved this hotel for the last night due to the proximity to the "airline city check-in" facility. I requested a high floor to possibly avoid street noise but we received a lower floor(5th fl), and yes the street was extremely noisy when I opened the window to cool the room. I reserved a deluxe room but the staff said all the deluxe rooms were located on the 5th floor, the fact I cannot verify. The room temperature was centrally set at 30 C and was too hot to be comfortable, the reason why I opened the window. The room was very small, but clean. The staff was well-trained to never be rude to customers and yes they always smiled but not very helpful. I felt that all the smile was not genuine. I asked for the manager but was told no he/she is not available. Location is close to Samseong Station Exit 5, which is about 8 - 10 minutes walk. Close proximity has got Hyundai Department Store, COEX, COEX aquarium, Bongeunsa Temple and CALT (Bus Terminal to take coach to the Incheon Airport and do check-in for luggage). Just next to the hotel, there is a macdonalds and Hyundai Department Store has got lots of restaurants and cafes. Room wise is a bit small and crap, especially for ladies who love to shop. We brought a big luggage and find it cramp to open up in the room and ended up with limited space to walk. Modern design room with water heater, air dryer, TV, safe and mini fridge. This hotel location is great near the main road , and if your plan is going to COEX you pick the right choice. The staff is helpful and the hotel room is very clean also the wifi is fast. I just hate the bed , the bed is too small for double bed size, that is not even a queen size , this is not a standard bed size . If you come with couple better pick 2 single bed . And this is make me not coming back again to this hotel. if you are looking to stay near the COEX and the city airport, Hotel Peyto Samseong is one great choice. the room is abit small, but for single use, it is fine. i like that its clean, and i had a pleasant stay. the staff could be a little more warm and friendly though, i did not feel very welcomed while i checked in at the counter. The year 2017 in Seoul Korea and the wifi is terrible for 5 days in this hotel....totally unacceptable.... If you are in Seoul for COEX, Hotel Peyto Samseong would be the best place to be. Easy arrival/departure by taking the airport shuttle and stopping at CALT. You can even do advance check in if you are taking authorized Airlines partners. Food is of no problem.. Breakfast spread offered by the hotel is acceptable. Only slightly negative.. pillows are too soft. The location was very good and staff attitude also good. Staff always very helpful - volunteer information and suggest solutions if they overhear your problem. Rooms are comfortable and clean, adequate space for hanging clothes. Restaurant provides good breakfast variety. Would be nice if showers were "rain" showers or nozzle rather than hand-held with hose. Morning time elevator waiting time is long but except that very good stay this time in Seoul Kangnam. Simple, clean and good location. Just opposite CALT, good location Very clean and excellent location next to CALT airport bus and COEX good Gd . love it Not bad some minor problem with the air conditioner Classy Hotel” Second attempt to resolve atwo charge issues” First stay in Seoul” Good ” Could not cancel the reservation” Good location” Not bad, not great” 매우 좋음” Clean but just ok service” Overpriced” Hospitality” 매우 좋음” 매우 좋음” Good location” good” Good location in Gangnam, Seoul” 좋음” 매우 좋음” 좋음” No Food in this area...” Hotel itself is a typical old classy hotel . I like this type of hotels such as Chosun and Sejong. Compare to other classy hotels in Seoul, this hotel has smaller rooms and beds. Staffs were just okay not as welcoming or accommodating like other classy hotels. As far as the location is concerned, this can either be inconvenient or daring due to awkward access to public transportation. Hotel bell hops won't even try to help you get a cab. They just tell you to go out on street and find one. This hotel is geared towards those who are brave enough to drive in Seoul. If you are not driving, look elsewhere. I asked you a few days ago to look into two charges that have appeared on my Visa bill from the Riviera Hotel in Seoul. The first charge posted is dated May 15th, 2019 the day I arrived at the hotel, and the second charge is dated May 18th, 2019 the day I departed the hotel. You told me these charges were resolved, well they have not!! These charges have gone beyond pending by my Visa company and are now on my account as charges to be paid. I mentioned to you in my first message a few days ago that I charged nothing to my room, nor did I use anything from the refrigerator or snack/ razor/toothbrush area. I mentioned to you that housekeeping never placed any snacks in my room so there was nothing to use. I am disputing these charges, and want them removed from my Visa charge account. Please respond. Thanking you in advance, Frances Lamb I was happy to stay at this hotel for the location and the facility of the sauna room (with extra 9900 W) it was relaxing for me. Will recommend for you if you simply stay in Seoul. Location was easy to Take the bus and subway, the only down side is using the facilities is extra cost. Gym, swimming pool etc.. cost extra even after you already pay to stay at the hotel I booked incorrect number of room (2 rooms). I thought I could cancel the booking for 1 room when I came to the hotel but it couldn't It's only few minutes from the train station. A lot of coffee shops nearby. Easy to get to touristy areas My two-night stay was fine. However, because of COVID I rang before booking to check that the swimming pool was open, and then double-checked again when checking in. It was open, but staff neglected to say that it would be closed for maintenance on one of the days I would be there. Poor communication. One additional oddity is that the swimming pool is free, but there's an extra charge for the gym. Strange policy. Other than that, the stay was okay. The location is quite near important stops in the area, and the room - albeit old-fashioned - is totally fine. Everything was fine but the neighborhoods of hotel are too expensive! Hotel is older but clean and rooms were good. Staff's English not so good and helpful to a point. Should be nicer considering price. Over priced food. Dont bother with roomservice. Everything is overpriced. The positive is that it is near Coex. The hospitality of friends need to be improved. Goid experience. everything is good I will come back next year. like Even if the nearest subway station is around 10 minutes walk from the hotel, it is actually loacated in the center of the Gangnam in Seoul. Bus stop is right in front of the hotel and it's easy to catch taxi. My wife and I enjoyed the stay for the purpose of participating the year-end parties occurred during the weekend. In-door pool was also a great plus. direct airport bus to/from hotel. hotel location right by main road, easy to catch taxi. walking distance to subway stations. walking distance to convenient shops/cafes/restaurants.banks. hotel has traditional korean sauna facility. room a bit outdated but acceptable. free wifi. if you stay in this hotel, be sure to bring your rasor, toothbrush, toothpaste, facial toner and moisturizer with you coz it is for sale in this hotel.... at a higher price.... unlike most hotels in korea, whats inside the minibar is all free....with computer and charger...here at riviera, no computer and charger for free Good There were no restaurant open after 11 pm inside or outside the hotel in the area I had to go to itaewon everyday spending taxi fare for 8 km. CEO” good and excellent bfast” Convenient relaxing great ” Nice hotel, location not so great” Good for business trip” Near Coex” OK hotel considering the price and location” Nice” Nice Hotel in Guangnam” 매우 좋음” Good location, clean” Great stay ” Good deal. Rooms are a bit small.” location at Gangam” Nice” average but expensive” Service not good” Fine, but...” Good location hotel” Comfortable stay” Allover 80% good and excellent breakfastttt Very good central hotel away. From the dustinessof Seoul Situated in a nice upmarket suburb near the river Public transport from here is great including bus to airports Near to good local eateries and Gangnam District Facilities adequate,spa ,swimming pool, gym and yoga room etc excellent We stayed for 7 days and had a thoroughly relaxing time Room size good was upgraded with no hassle Checked in late at 1 am Bring your own coffeee sachets none in room Only green tea and Lipton’s black in room no sugar ,no milk A small shop in hotel for cakes etc Next door also a convenience shop for snacks and top up card purchase and refund Concierge very helpful with travelling round Seoul Friendly people Enjoyed the stay Very nice hotel, with clean big rooms and nice facilities. Staff courteous and professional (but English wasn't great). View was of the street, was nice. There was a dance club next door (but you wouldn't hear it, sound insulation was excellent). Looks very high end, but I didn't pay a high price (booked through Agoda). Airport bus literally took me to the very front of the hotel! Now, the bad part... There really isn't much within walking distance. Yes, there's a restaurant in the lobby. But it was kind of expensive (dinner for 2 would have been more than my room!) and it was empty. (We all know what they say about empty restaurants and skinny chefs.) I walked around the area and found some cafes, couple restaurants. None were memorable. The good part is that the hotel is located on a big boulevard, with easy access to bus stops and taxis. COEX/World Trade Center is only about 3 bust stops away, so it's not exactly isolated. But if I were to stay in Gangnam again, I'd look elsewhere. Near Coex Good for the business trip The hotel is really well-located in a wealthy area of Seoul. The hotel is old but it's still decent. However, the hotel air conditioning was too dry and the central air heating wouldn't turn off so my skin was dry and irritated during my stay there. Fitness and swimming pool is the best The Room is big. The staff is nice and able to speak English. A few of restaurants nearby and there is no difficulty to grab food. Just one drawback is it is far away from the Metro station. The nearest station is 15 mins walk from hotel. location good，surroundings nice and quiet，very relax after business trip，in-house services is very efficient and friendly！ Close to Coẽx, bus to/and from airport, metro thanks for the service Prefer Ramada. Not much public transport in the area. But good value nd staff definitely 5 star grade. Rooms are small/stuffy. location at Gangam Nice The room is old, and not bright enough. Poor wife connection, not offer tooth brush. Very expensive room rate comparing to the facility. 4plus acceptable not 5 star hotel The biggest 'con' is misunderstanding caused by poor english level of hotel's stuff. All of them (receptionist, housekeeping, staff on pool) know only basic phrases. When I ask about something unexpected, they answer with some learned phrases. Some of situation caused by that were not important, but one really made me angry: during check-in I asked if laundry is included in rooms price - answer - 'yes'. And during checkout I got information that I have to pay - 200 000 won (!!!) For 6-day laundry like pants or tshirts. Also, there is no information about it in hotels book ( And another like additional sauna payment as well). Beside this one - nice pool, hotel is clean, buses and coex close.. I wtayed here for an EXO concert I booked with tge SM Global Package. The rooms are nice, just right for a solo traveler. The airport bus also stops right in front and there is a nearby train station (cheongdam) Pleasant, although not too close from the subway station. Satisfactory. Very good location and room is clean with no odor. ” June 2016” Good service” Would stay there again.” Good location” Nice” Good reliable hotel ” Good overall but little old” Fine” clean” Recommend hotel ” Good location” great place to stay” A decent value for money 4star hotel ” review” Good” good location, overpriced services” Dependable but not 5 star” Decent stay. ” Nice, Love, Like” Cafe is a little pricey. Nice hotel well located. Bit dated and in need of modernisation in places. Generally no complaints. Staff very friendly and helpful Staff were friendly and accommodating. Made effort to change my room despite at full occupancy due to an issue which was unforeseen and not entirely their fault. . Bus 6006 can go hotel directly from airport Location Nice I stayed at the Hotel Riviera for the second time over a long weekend. The location is excellent, with the airport limousine directly outside, a short stroll to CoEx and world trade centre and three subway stops. The staff are very polite and were helpful in accommodating an unforeseen slightly late checkout. The facilities are very good, I would strongly recommend the sorts massage. Good for the price, but little old and may need some renovations especially for the swimming pool... Clean. Comfy Old location, clean and nice location, clean and nice There is a shuttle bus from the hotel to the airport location, service It was an okay place to stay. Location is good. Friendly staff. Decent enough for business travelers. environment, service, stuff it was great to stay in Riviera hotel, stuffs were kindly and all speak in English Good location, efficient service, good TV channel selection Decent hotel. Value for money. location, food, Location, service, cleanliness It was a great stay there. Staff were friendly and just a 5mins walk to Cheongdam station. location, staff and large room Had a huge room, but noisy due to 12 lane Street below. All food and Drink related Services are totally overpriced. Easy internet access and convenient location Dependable hotel but does not go above and beyond. Small things like no free coffee in the room, difficult to find room light controls, no free toothbrushes add up. Some may find the bed mattress a bit on the hard side. Clean rooms, good staff, good service The staff were friendly and provided a comfortable atmosphere. Rooms were not too new and needed some refurbishing. Overall it was a decent place to stay. Great Love Like good !” Rooms are better than 3 years ago” Good value, great location, good” good” very pleasant staff convenient good location ” Stayed here because of it location” Good location hotel in Seoul” Quiet plesant” Nice place” Good hotel” Great Location and Clean Room” Comfortable” Room was very clean and comfortable” Comfortable, friendly staff and value for money” good location ” Expensive Hotel” good business hotel with airport shuttle stop” Good hotel while our business trip.” Good hotel all-around.” Good hotel all-around.” room .staff.gym so good ! Upgraded rooms are btter than when I stayed 3 years ago Generally good location, room, staff Overall, it's good. Great location, nice room and environment. location,room, staff pleasant helpful staff, airport transfer close to city centre and metro the staff were very helpful coffee shop provides a range of delicacies and good coffee rooms clean and good size Location Stayed here because it was close to the wedding reception and the pool. Children under 13 are not allowed in the pool. Basic hotel walking distance to COEX and other places nearby. Good location, comfortable room, friendly staff It was my second time to stay in this hotel. Room was big enough for solo traveler and clean room. this hotel is very affordable to stay for business trip. there is good places for dining as well. i'd like to stay this hotel for my next trip Location, price, room We felt quiet comfortable for staying at this hotel, the location centrally in gangnam area but quite difficult to find eatery place during night. The food price also quiet expensive in this area. The room itself clean and comfort enough, we dont know about the breakfast because we book room only. The staff performance quite polite. Location. Staff. Clean. transport, comfort, staff Clean, Quite and Easy Access Great stay, clean room and easy access. Convenient to get food Room Location, Room Quality, and Free Internet I didn't spend a lot of time in the room, but the time I did spend was very comfortable. The room was big and the bed was as well. This came in handy when my date decided to spend the night with me. staff, room condition, access to airport free internet as a biz hotel and fast room service and good location sinple and just clean but old. good internet free service and also easy to access to city like between gangbuk and gangnam. also a lot of good restaurent is near by . Rooms, Facilities, Food fast check in&out Clean room, good quality restaurant, professional staff We had to stay at Rivera simply because there was no other hotel available at the time. It was convenient, clean & staff are professional and kind. Would consider stay here again in the future. Room comfortness, Good quality restaurant, professional staff We had to stay at Rivera simply because there was no other hotel available at the time. It was convenient, clean & staff are professional and kind. Would consider stay here again in the future. Room comfortness, good quality restaurant, professional staff We had to stay at Rivera simply because there was no other hotel available at the time. It was convenient, clean & staff are professional and kind. Would consider stay here again in the future. Good hotel for a business staying.” It's a superb hotel for the business staying” Professional services” Fun and enjoyable” Good hotel” comfortable ” easy and comfortable” very relaxing” easy to access for other activity” It is a good place to stay in.” comfort hotel” 2nd time I've used it due to location” Close to nightlife. Good value. No wifi” Comfortable accommodation in a big hotel ” Good value” Nice location, close to many attractions ” Good ” Nice clean hotel” easy and comfortable ” Good !!!” Room cleanliness, good restaurant quality, professional staff We had to stay at Rivera simply because there was no other hotel available at the time. It was convenient, clean & staff are professional and kind. Would consider stay here again in the future. Room comfortness, close to the city, good restaurant quality We had to stay at Rivera simply because there was no other hotel available at the time. It was convenient, clean & staff are professional and kind. Would consider stay here again in the future. Location, clean, service Room, Courier Services, Location Good location, nice room, comfortable Everything was fine except for price. I will stay again. centralise, easy to access , good restaurant near by very easy and comfortable and i always stay here and they are friendly. central, easy to access for trasportation, near restaurant very good to stay and alwasy come back to stay here. friendly and easy. Good transportation and ample restaurants variety, near conference English speaking staffs are friendly and helpful. Hotel is easily accessible with bus, taxi & subway. Many varieties of restaurants & shops. There is also a park behind the hotel. good location and friendly staff and near good restaurant quite centrol location and easy to access for anythings and also a lot of good restaurant is near by. The hotel is close to Chundam metro station. good location，free internet， large room the room is quite big and clean. the hotel have free internet and have aiport express just outside the hotel,bus 6006.meanwhile, it is close the underground, line 7,729. Near best clubs. Great value for 5 star In line with last time. Really wish they had wifi inside the rooms. Close to nightlife. Good value. No wifi In line with expectation. Frustrating no wifi in room. Other than that, its highly recommended. Bit far from other attractions but I like it because its right next to big clubs like Ellui, Answer and Club-I. Airport bus stops right in front of hotel. Front Desk allowed for early check-in at no extra charge. High speed internet available for free use at Business Centre. Overall no complaints, laundry service was good. Location-wise, need to walk a bit (about 100m) to nearest subway station. Friendly staff. Well located. Fast internet. I only stayed for 2 nights, but overall I had a pleasant stay. Staff are friendly with good language skills and hotel is very well located. Internet connection speed is one of the best I have ever experienced. location, room space, nice staff nice staff and nice room walk distance to many attractions Clean, Big room, Speak English Clean, big room, staff can speak English, position is center, suitable for meeting. Location, value, clean Location cleanness and price. I think it sure looks like a 5 star hotel and its in very nice area of Seoul. Would totally recommend for business travelers. Even got a nice swimming pool and gym. It's a good choice and price is good too. Convenient , good location and best prices . Convenient , good location and best prices . We are 3perpons with a child to stay this hotel , have a big indoor swimming pool, King size bed and comfortable, very nice. Comfortable and good value for money” My stay here was OK, nothing out of the ordinary” Nice Staff” Very good and enjoyable” Convenient” Decent stay overall” good” good ” Nice hotel for the price. The gym was very large” Good for rest. ” short but nice staying hotel” pleasant” A functional, value for money hotel” clean and cheap” Nice, comfortable room in affordable price” clean, comfortable luxury close to city” Reviera” Very comfortable hotel” great hotel” Great room, wonderful staff” Close to Hangang river park, good gym and sauna Always good, but they need to improve lights: it is impossible to dark in bed before sleep. Also my room was facing rear side of hotel, quiter. But there was continious unloding of laundry after 11, and it was a bit of a nuisance. Otherwise very good location, close to river walk/bike paths, many good restaurants around and not crowded area. Location, Easy access to Restaurants, Front Desk Gentlemen was polite Old hotel but OK, really not much to say. The hotel is old and it's a hundred bucks a night, not the cheapest but also not unreasonable too. I have no complaints, on the site this place is four stars and I suppose in some way, it was advertised properly. For some reason I was just expecting more but oh well. My stay was pleasant, don't feel ripped off. Staff have good english level Free wifi, nice and clean room, good front desk staff near to tourist attractions Location. Service. Cleanliness price is good, location, view service staff and food very good hotel and i need to stay more next time service staff and location thank for agoda and is very good hotel and must stay next time too Clean, nicely equipped gym and the staff was very helpful The rooms we're extremely small, the beds were hard (I don't mind), but the staff were great and the great value for the price. Convenience, Cost effectiveness, Delicious food Not convenient for parking The manager is very good! Near in airport and accessible for public transpo It was nice, the manager allows me to check-in 1hour earlier than the usual early check-ins location, clean hotel, nice staff Clean, affordable, good location Had a pleasant stay. The hotel is clean and the staff efficient. Smooth check in and out. Negatives - no wifi in room, bed is rather hard. room clean ,cheap and good food AtCity center, clean & comfortable It was nice to stay in this hotel & I will stay again n this hotel. proximity to city, 3 indoor restaurants, own fitness centre Clean room The reviera hotel was pretty nice. Well located in the centre of gangnam Room was clean and big enough. Clean and friendly staff Stayed 3 nights on business and am very happy with the hotel. Although there is a lack of eating outlets around the hotel, it is quite convenient to take taxis to nearby area such as COEX. location i've been staying in this hotel for years whenever i go to seoul for business travels. great hotel. easy access to shopping area and COEX mall. clean sheets, clean towels The staff are always helpful whenever I approached them for help.The airport limousine bus is across the street and the time I was there was in Winter, so its was extreme cold to stand in the open to wait for the bus. Lovely hotel with great location” nice hotel - close by to amenities and restuarants” " Very nice hotel really loved it"” accommodating staff” Good Hotel” not really convenient for coex” great hotel” Decent sized rooms in an OK location” Location good” Great hotel, fantastic service and good sized room” Nice location and excellent room” Simple, Great Location!” Good Location but rooms are little bit small” Good Access” Comfortable and nice service” A fairly good hotel for Business traveller ” Great location” nice room but a little bit old fashioned exterior” Great Hotel” great hotel to stay” good service As a foreigner and first visitor to korea, riviera is quite good. it is clean and its price is reasonable. its location is great cause we can take a "tour" by walking just for looking around the hotel. I stayed there only for 3 nights but it was great to stay there cause I could take a little walk to enjoyed snow (Sure..I could not find any snow in Indonesia......). if I have a chance to came to seoul (again) I won't mind to stay at this hotel clean, up to expectations. no surpises the reception was friendly and efficient. we got keys to the room without any delays. rooms were as expected, with no shocks and disappointment. check-out was just as efficient. bell-boys provide assistance with our luggage. all in all, a pleasant stay. staff was very helpful, service was very promt , clean & pleasant to stay in this is a nice hotel, the staff was very helpful to us. it is not far from a really nice underground mall called coex which has all kinds of shopping and food. coex also has a wonderful aquarium that you really need to see. but if you are looking for a place with good inexpensive eating around it riveria is not the place to go. unless you are really familar with korean food . we had a had time finding things to eat for a inexpensive price. there are some good coffee shops around the motel also. in all it is a nice place to stay. i would stay there again if i was in the seoul area. by the coex mall is one of the famous scenes from the " gangman style video " you will reconize it when you go there it is right across the street . good location, friendly staff. the hotel is nice. breakfast is so-so. i stayed for 3 nights and the breakfast buffet menu did not change. Good hotel well designed This hotel is well situated about 5mins walk from the metro station. It has a good deli where you can buy food. The rooms are a little bit small but overall was very please with my stay. Staff upgraded us. the hotel is not really convenient for going to coex as you will have to take a bus or a taxi there (see tip below). fantastic location comfortable and good service. the rooms are great in sizr with good ammenities. the health and spa are of international standard and staff are very cordial. the area of location are pleasant with connectivity and beautiful surroundings I would surely go and stay in this hotel again Reasonably priced, complimentary Internet and wi-fi (public areas) the hotel has decent sized rooms with complimentary internet, and free wi-fi in public area. even though i was traveling alone, i was given a 2-bedded room: a super-single and a single, which could have accommodated 3 persons. coex is just down the road, a short taxi ride away, or about 20 minutes walk with an uphill section. there are a number of korean barbecue restaurants just behind the hotel. night time not easy to find restaurant, little quiet. Gym, swimming pool, sauna and room size excellent the hotel is in cheongdam, a little far from the town centre, but this is compensated for by the excellent room size and facilities on offer. the restaurants, gym, sauna and swimming pool are all excellent. however, the hotel is conveniently situated if you are visiting gangnam, and the staff are excellent and very courteous. excellent value for money. one slight failing is that none of the rooms have wifi (only free wired internet), but this is otherwise a small glitch in what is an excellent hotel. Location and room Room was large enough and service was excellent. Bus stop for Airport rimousine is just in front of the hotel. There are many restaurants, bars and coffee shops around the hotel. Sub way station is also close. I had no complaint for the stay. soft beds! close to metro line 9. close to outback steak house was a great hotel for a great price! as an american i thought the beds were great! very soft. expensive hotel restraunt, but that is ussually to be expected. one computer in lobby for internet access. Clean Hotel, easy to find foods Hotel location is very convenient, we can use bus from the airport and stop right infront of the hotel and not so much traffic. It is near Coex Mall and easy to find foods nearby the hotel. Beautiful environment, clean and comfortable rooms It is a good hotel located near Coex (Seoul trade center). like most other hotels it has direct easy access to Incheon international airport(line #6010) as well as walking distance from subway station. the staff English proficiency was fair in some cases. Close to Apgujeong Away from downtown Seoul, but it's close to both the Galleria and the COEX shopping malls. 10 mins walk to the subway station. Close to a couple of night clubs if you want to do some partying. location-near coex, fair pricing the room was a bit outdated and old fashion but it was cosy and comfortable. maintenance is good and i'm very particular about my shower and the bathroom was up to my expectations with no faults.checking in was a breeze and they gave me all the preferences i listed in my booking. location was the reason i choose this hotel, near the coex and the plus point was also the organised complimentary shuttle buses to the exhibition hall. overall, i have no real complains and would return to stay again as the price is very reasonable. Clean rooms, great location It was a pleasant hotel. First impressions were good, with a welcoming lobby layout. The room is standard sized but the channel selection on TV was impressive. The worst thing that can happen to you is to land in a country where 99% of the channels offered are only in the native language. Breakfast was at about USD25 but well worth it as the spread was a good mix of Western and local foods. Where else can you find barbecue pork ribs for breakfast? nice room,easy to reach from airport nice room, a little bit far from place to eat, the nearest shopping mall is coex Good Service Good hotel service and location is near office. Room is big and very comfortable. Also the other service in hotel, such as gym and business center. good location Not applicable already stay in this hotel for many many times, everytime I feel decent and great to stay here. Good location and near the businees office, also have great service and relax room. 매우 좋음” 매우 좋음” 매우 좋음” Value for money” Good rooms but some drawbacks” Very recommended ” Good service ” Few nights in Seoul ” its okay with the price, near subway station but nothing to shop, good for business travellers. Stay 6 days. 4 days at first room is great. Have a problem with second room, water come up from bathroom floor and it is smell. The room was nice and clean, a little small though New and value for money. But pillow and bed not so comfortable This is a very clean and well appointed hotel. The downsides are that no breakfast is included in the price (a Korean breakfast only is available at extra cost and is expensive compared to what is available elsewhere). We had to book a deluxe room as this was all that was available for our dates. We didn't need the extra space or the desk etc. that this provided and the beds were on the form side. Excellent bathroom facilities and very clean. Very good Good room sized and comfortable. Bus stops near. Good enough for a couple nights