 Very good” Location perfect Only there is language barrier as english is not well known ” Convenient location, right next to Lotte Mall and 5 mins to Myeongdong” Prime location, cozy room” Good hotel” 우수” Great location and price ” Wi-Fi problems” Very good location and value for money” We had a great stay. Good Value for money. ” Nice place, nice price” Location is superb!” Convenient location” Good Location” Good place with good price” Good location” Very clean room” good” Big room,location.” Nice hotel ” Overall very good. Although staff English is not fluent, they are helpful, especially the housing keeping staff is extremely helpful. Location very good (center of the city and next to Lotte Hotel/supermarket). Transportation for underground/metro (1 min walk to one of the underground exit) and airport (4 mins walk to the airport coach station) is very convenience. Room size big enough. Free upgrade. Room overall clean. 10-15 mins walk to MyeongDong (but need to know the way to walk through those underground shopping streets, like SogongDong underground street.). First room given was not clean and smelly 2919 Immadialty reception changed the room to a better one 2819 Room size was good big and spacious Staff were friendly yet most of them don't speack english Location is perfect Will rebook the same hotel next time Convenient location, right next to Lotte Mall and 5 mins to Myeongdong There is an airport bus that stops right in front of Lotte Hotel and you can walk for 1 min to Hotel President. Breakfast is good with a variety of food including Western and Korean. They also change certain dishes every day. The hotel room is a bit old though. We were originally given a non smoking room but it smells like cigarettes so we asked to change to another room. The hotel staff who helped us arrange was however not so polite. The second room was fine. Bed is clean but the room is a bit old. Still a good choice for budget stay. You can't get much better than this for the money in pricey Seoul. Steps away from city hall, 10 mins walk to Myeongdong, loads of food options next door at Lotte Dept. Store. Room service omurice was delicious, but on the expensive side. We recommend spring for the Korean style room for an old school retro experience, like virtual hanok for less. Concierge did not make reservations for restaurants or for other places. That was the only problem. Good hotel and and big room. Close to city center. Easy to take airport limousine. Thanks to Agoda, we got a great price. The room had a great view and a decent bath tub; plus, it was less than a block from City Hall. The Wi-Fi in my room did not work the entire time I was there. And all I got was I’m sorry. No new room. No we will fix it. No nothing to make things better. This made the stay disappointing. It is located near City Hall, Lotte Department Store and walking distance to Myeongdong. It is also walking distance to other tourist destinations. I suggest that you consider changing some breakfast items per day especially for long staying guests. Cheap and clean. But little noisy from demonstration. Great location! The room is spacious. It is conveniently located near train station. This hotel is beside Lotte Hotel and Shopping Mall. An MRT station is also just outaide the hotel i stayed at hotel for 4 nights and it is very close to tourist places in seoul, near subway and bus stations. From the hotel, it takes about 10 minutes to walk to the Myeongdong. Old hotel but clean and friendly staff. Very good location. Next to everything. Lot of good restaurants around. Good reception staff attending to our needs on arrival to change room type. And the room was clean and spacious. Breakfast was good although not many halal variety. Hotel is within 10 mins walking distance to the famous Myeondong night market. Able to store luggage here as we wanted to be light travelling to Everland and Pyeongchang. not the best, but really nice for the price. Room was very spacious ,the hotel has perfect location near subway and shopping center.The staff was very helpful.i highly recommend this hotel. Great location at a gd price Solid option for business travel” Great for DMZ tours” Perfect Location” 우수” Thumbs up” 우수” good location” 우수” The Location Ever!” Great Location, Value for Money” Great location, value for money” My stay” Resonable price good location” Location, Service, Value” The location is very convenient.” Nice hotel for every kind of traveller” Great location - all you need” Great location, convenient ” Great location but there was no airconditioning” Nice, great location in need of a modernisation” This hotel is well located in the 'old' downtown of Seoul. There is a bus-stop right outside the hotel for a special bus that goes to Seoul-Incheon Airport in about 70 minutes, which is really helpful because taxis there are very expensive. Hotel is nice enough, standard fare for a business type hotel. Nice breakfast. The tour agencies for the DMZ seem to located here, so it’s great spot for the early morning pick-up. Just in front of beautiful Seoul City hall, few steps away from the busy Myeongdong Street, so if you are a shopaholic person this is the best place for you, Lotte Department store is just next door, no worries for airport transfer because the bus stop is just 40 steps away. Very good place. Great hotel. Will be back. The hotel is located in a very handy place, easy access to public transportation. Lots of attractions nearby. The price is good and room are clean and quiet, service is great. Will definitely come back next time. near to lotte and myeongdong. near to subway station The hotel is in a great location to see Seoul, Overall the hotel is wonderful however the room looked a little old. The Staff was wonderful the President Hotel location in the middle of the town, 2 minutes to Eljiro 1 station and 5 minutes to the city hall station. location in Myeongdong and beautiful place for shopping (etude, innisfree, nature republic, and many more). big room for standart room, good staff, and clean room. i will come back again when we are in Seoul for the next trip. Thanks. Great location with basically everything around you. Reasonably price with all basic needs. Located in the City center but reasonably priced. Airport limousine stop is just a stone throw away, Lotte mall right beside, convenient stall right behind, McD n Starbucks are right in front. Will definitely be back in future trip. Fabulous location - very close to the subway station, Airport bus stop is very close by, and Lotte Dept store and its very nice food court in a short walking distance. The deal I got for the room was fantastic too. Probably the low travel in the winter season helped. There are multiple Starbucks and other variety of small restaurants close by. Room was little old but very clean and they maintained it well. Furniture was little old. No clock and one electrical outlet in the room that can be used for our needs. Wi-Fi was great though you have to log in everyday. However, the toilet was not working properly and had to report to the front desk multiple times. I am not sure whether took any serious action other than apologizing. Breakfast buffet was ok for 25,000 Won ($22) because you get to try both western and Korean food. Food was good quality. I thought the Elsee café in the lobby was little high priced for charging 12,000 Won ($11) for a just a plain cup of black tea but all these chargers included tax as well. Pastries looked really good too. Overall the staff was nice but more training in service could definitely help. Although it had few shortcomings, this is a hotel I will recommend to a friend. So excited stay there For the price, the hotel is good. It is right by an underground shopping centre which leads you to Euljiro-1-ga station or City Hall station. It's close by Myeong-dong (10-15 minute walk) so great for shopping, and Seoul station for travel using KTX Rail or Airport Rail. The room was clean and well kept, and staff was friendly and helped me with my very heavy and large bags. There is a cafe/bar on the first floor for quick breakfast or coffee (although a little pricy for drinks), food there is decent. Room is big. Due to the location I can recommend this hotel to business people, families, solo travellers who want to have fun but also older persons... A decent hotel I can recommend to everyone going to Seoul. You can walk to so many nice shopping and sightseeing places. Furthermore the subway station is right next to the hotel. So book this place. Our room was "standard" so we were put in a room with a bit older interior but it was clean so no problem at all. The location is convenient. You can take the airport bus to the downtown (acound 1-1.5 hours), and it only takes 2 mins from the bus stop to President hotel. Nearby there is Lotte shopping mall. And after walking 5 mins you can go to Mingdong. The reception is nice and super effcient. Everything was great here but when we visited there was no airconditioning and it was awfully hot at night. Aside from that the location was great, the rooms were spacious, staff were friendly. The location, the reception and the service The hotel is nice, clean and tidy. Breakfast had more than enough choice. The location of the hotel is excellent, right in the heart of downtown. The only minus is the old fashion and dated furniture of the room. Very Good” Good Location” almost satisfied” -” Good location ” Excellent ” Very nice but dated” Great location, friendly staff” 👍👍👍” Cheap stay for Lotte Hotel event” Good location ” Good value with a promotion on Agoda” superb” Great Location hotel with budget” Great” excellent location” Great location ” Very comfortable with a very affordable price” Good Hotel with good Staff but can improve more. ” Transit” Cleanliness, Comfort, and Location Very Good Good Location Clean Good Staff cleanness,good location,good hospitality Stayed in 2010,too. I was almost satisfied this time. But there were 2 troubles. One was a noise from outside.Other was a poor draining of bath. I hope quick improvement. Next time I will this hotel without hesitation. - - Location. Value. Helpful concierge 2 nights Location, room, cleanlines Location, price, lobby Enjoyed the stay, comfotable bed, excellent location. Hotel may once have been a 4 star, but is not due to no upgraded to the '70s room and bath furnishings. Difenite recommend for the price and location. Location, location, location good service... nice people...convenient...👍 Will go again 😄😄😄 Central location to Seoul, Curdieous staff, cheap stay amongst other high priced hotels Used the hotel to attend a formal event at the Lotte Hotel next door. Room needs carpet and a few furniture pieces replaced. Well located, clean room, near to most scenic places Good location, near to bus stop to airport, many restaurant around, clean room and comfortable bed Service, location, view from the Windiws Pleasant. It is quiet, clean, service is good. I had a reduced rate so I really enjoyed for the price I paid. location, clean, comfort Good hotel with good location. A lot market arround.. just walk Great Location, Convenince, Good Room size Hotel provide sufficient comfort in room. We enjoyed its location and convenience from airport. Hotel is only five mins to shopping area and train station. It is really worth Money. location,service,view Great!! good location , good service , very clean. This hotel has a very good location .It is close to subway station and walking distance to Myeondong shopping area. Location, service Near to main shopping area, comfortable rooms, easy access to airport bus Although only stay for 1 night, but had a wonderful experience and good rest. Will definitely book this hotel when return to Seoul Good Location, Good Staff, Co-operative and helpfiul. The hotel was good with good staff. The only problem was the Air-Condition in the room which was of a problem but later the staff was helpful and changed my room. I think its a good deal if the price range more or less under hundred us dollars. Room was very clean and the bathroom was also clean. I would rate 4 out of 5. Good. Thanks Agoda. Easy to reach.Good location. Very comfortable. centrally located, good location to move about ” Satisfied” comfortable hotel” Great Location Right Next to Subway and Lotte Mall” Great location” Superb Location, Heart of Seoul !” Great hotel in prime location” Location” Good access to tourist attractions” great location” good location, big room space” Lovely hotel and service with a smile.” great central location with friendly staff” Terrific location, helpful staff” Good Choice with Fair Price!!!” Value for money hotel with wonderful service” Convenient location in Seoul” nice hotel with great location ” cosy, comfort and easy for the transportatio” Good value, decent location and friendly service” large room, comfortable enjoyed the stay in Seoul, room size was bigger than anticipated, good size and clean. Place, room, staff Great, we will stay again if visit on Seoul....access to shopping place is convenience location good location, very good price for the 5 star hotel, good service spacious room, furniture is old, but public area is remodeled neatly Excellent location which is value for money being used to Westin Chosun, I thought I'd try out President Hotel since it is just right behind Westin and even though it is not as posh, the hotel location was great and I was able to get about easily. Only drawback is that it does not have wifi in the room and only in the lobby. The staff were very nice and accommodated to all my requests (e.g. getting me a baby crib, travel adaptor etc) room service is good i think president hotel is a great place to stay . near subway station. shuttle bus to airport. very convenient. but, the extra bed for triple room is small, it should be the same size. Location, Clean & Tidy Room Really good location easy to travel via every mass transit in Seoul. Located near to Lotte Hotel and Chang Dok Gung Palace. MTR Line 2 (Green Line) is in front of the hotel ! Luxury set up and high class serice I wasn't expected such a high class hotel and their staff in South Korea - pleasantly surprised Helpful staff Though a bit old fashion，President Hotel is clean and well maintained. The room size is okay， the bathroom size is also acceptable， though the interior deco could be much improved. Location is perfect， within walking distance to the famous Myeong Dong shopping and restaurant area， also in between 2 subway stations each within 3 minute walking distance. skylounge president hotel is located nearby seoul city hall & square, myungdong, kyungbok palace etc. maybe you can see most of tourist attraction in seoul within 30 minutes distance from the hotel. i'd like to recommned you to stay this hotel. clean, roomy, good location very good location near shopping, underground malls, food court and restaurants. close to subway and sightseeing. deoksugung palace a block away-they have changing of the guard ceremonies several times a day. namdaemun market close by-walkable, or short subway ride. went to the national museum of korea-a must see. it is an easy subway ride away. wifi only available in lobby. location and room size view outside the window is the city hall plaza, so you can hear the voice outside (such as cars and someone singing...), but the volume is acceptable for me. room size is large, and the price is cheap compare with other hotels nearby. bed is too soft for me. also you can take kal bus (6701) to the lotte hotel stop and just 1 minute walk to president hotel. very convenient. overall still recommend! best features of the hotel very nice location and nice room.And also sample to find transportation around the town. location close to transportation, shopping; several restaurant choices within the hotel; friendly staff; lovely central areas had a very pleasant stay; rooms were clean; restaurants within the hotel were fine esp. the Japanese one Location, reasonable value I have stayed at the President on three visits to Seoul, and will continue to return. Some of the rooms are a tiny bit tired, and I am surprised by the lack of tea-making facilities in the rooms, but it's got an awesome location, accessible to public transportation and all the main sights of central Seoul (Insadong, the palaces, Myeon-dong shopping area, the art museum, Dongdaemun market, etc. Are all within a 15-minute walk) and the staff are very helpful. Good Location, Big Room, Neat & Clean honestly i was a bit worried when i read the pictures and comments on the pictures posted on agoda. after my personal experience, i really think i have made a correct choice. the location of president hotel is right besides lotte hotel (where costs you more than per night). the hotel is close to the airport bus stop and train station. the rooms are renovated and beds are comfy, the setting is not as outdated as shown in the picture. the tv is changed to a samsung lcd. wifi is not available in the room but you can use the 2 pcs in their business center or connect wifi at there. even you want to use the printer, they won't charge you for the color print-out. but remember to bring your own boiler for hot water and tooth brush/toothpaste/shampoo/bath lotion/etc. overall i was very satisfied with the president hotel. Central location, wonderful service the hotel is centrally located with easy access to the business area in seoul. the subway station is also next to the hotel. there are also many restaurants and food joints around the hotel. Central location, good service This is my second stay in the hotel and have found the service at the hotel very good with staff conversant in English and a generally very polite and helpful. The rooms are adequately furnished but are relatively small. kal bus stop next door, near markets, clean, helpful staff Staff english just ok, but helpful. Quiet rooms, constuction going on across road but didn't bother us. Room decent size (twin) not very modern rooms- could use a refurb in the near future. overall very satisfied with stay but not my favorite hotel in this area (Ibis) close to the subway and airport bus station Really enjoy my staff. Staff is ok to communicate in english good value through agoda, close to other great hotels. near a 7/11 for late night munchies, the beach is a stones throw but the view is to be desired great rooms, tv, beds are ok. very close to the beach, 우수” GOOD!” Just right” This hotel is very convenient and perfectly organized. But I don't want to say this but sometimes I got to smell other customer's hair odor on the pillows or even on the shower gown or something. But the building is newly built and located at really rich place in Seoul u can go to see Lotte tower very easily etc. The only problem was the smell sometimes. Everything else is just perfect 깨끗합니다! The room we booked was small but clean and well maintained. The hotel is surrounded by places to eat and even a nearby micro brew. A huge mall is a short walk away. Location is close to major a major thruway. Staff were pleasant. Breakfast was definitely Korean-style, but we are after all in South Korea…and it was included in the price of the room…so no complaints…maybe a suggestion…ad in some eggs! Overall a very good experience and we would definitely stay here again. Good for casual staycation but bad for refreshment” The New Year's Eve pound cake wss missing” The Pleasantly Surprising Grand Hyatt Seoul” The Classic” Very good place” cozy and nice hotel but no a bit inconvenient” Not recommend here right now” Luxury” Great Hotel ” isolated” 우수” 우수” best location” Nice facilities and room ” Could be better” cozy room but bad swimming pool” satisfying” Great hotel and location” Very good” Just great hotel” As a regular quest to the hotel, always, i had been satisfied with the mood and atmospheres of the place. A good place for two some or even one solo visitor who wants relax. Staff members are okay. Their language is fine. Clean up service is good. Serving guests are relatively better and hyatt is well know for its staff training. With all these good points, however, sometimes, temporary workers or not korean staff annoyed my stays here. Because of the awkaward marketing to fill up rooms, some people inside let tour guides or not quite good enough laborere sneak into the facilities, especialy swimming pool or empty rooms. They kept looking at my daughter and me and tried to make bad judgement or comments on my outwear or clothes even though i had no reason to be treated in that way. Since i make reservarion not through travel agencies but booking websites all the time, some people in the place try to blame for that in public, so that is very annoying every time i make visit to the place. Seriously, the hotel should make rule to be too nice to korean foreigners or tour agency people. I do not have to spend my money to them and that is very illegal attitude. Except those unwanted bothering cheap sales, i feel comfortable about everything of the hotel and label the hotel good one. Stop letting in cheap sales crew just because they are hungry and have kids. I do not want to give my mercy on them. In summer, i hope that i would not see those kinds again. I am regular to hyatt seoul for the last 15 years for several reasons, so i could check almost every single point of the hotel. Generally i have been satisfied with the service which the hotel has been selling, but the for the past a few years, i was bothered by annoying attitudes of under trained temp staff or visitors who were just looking at other customers and hotel guests. They kept looking other guests who were swimming or eating at the restaurant. Those who may be the novice to after hotel check in seem to know some hotel crew there since i could witness that they were sharing chatting over food. If the hotel has been spreading around some sales promotion tickets throung travel agencies, i wish they would stop doing that for the season finale. The fireworks show was awesome hooker but the marketing and sales promotion was loser. The hotel management crew show more respect guests who pay real cash. That is the petty. Since my daughter loved the pound cake that she could see on the table of the new year's eve, we were a bit dissapointed at the missing of it. Anyway, the new table needed some welcome singnature. General service, food, cleaning up comditions and attendants' hospitality are good but i really want to point out the irresponsible marketing, sales and management of HR. Definitely, however, i will visit and use the hotel lobby again for several reasons. First, in the interest of full transparency, I am a loyal guest with another hotel brand whenever I travel, which is about 150 days every year. My favorite hotel brand didn't have a hotel in Seoul, so I went with the Hyatt. I was especially concerned about other guest comments about how "isolated" the hotel's location was. I love walking and exploring cities, where I visit so, was naturally apprehensive about my decision. I was impressed with this property from the moment I arrived. Fast, courteous and informative check-in. Small room but absolutely perfect for the business traveler. Great facilities that include an excellent gym and all the F&B facilities a traveler needs. Great breakfast buffet (try their private booths). Super Filipino band in the lobby lounge in the evening. I frankly could find nothing bad to say about this property. Even better, and much to my surprise, there are plenty of places within easy walking distance from the hotel. Restaurants and shops surround the hotel. Easy walk to Itaewan (15 minutes). Take a taxi back unless you are in great shape and like climbing. If consider both Kangnam and Kangbok, this is the best location. Best view of Seoul, great food, old but clean. Good service from all staffs Very good place to stay away from the city. isolated on the mountain Friendly staffs, nice gym and sauna. good restaurant. but too busy lobby... hard to get a taxi. there is nth around... hotel is nice with clean and modern style. without taxi, hard to go city since it is on the mountain. but great place with a car or staycation Currently, many people are coming in here, and staffs are not ready to respond to customers’ needs. Need to wait more than one hour to check-in, even though requested ‘early check-in.’ I tried to listen to what they said, but they made only excuses, not solving the situation. I have accommodation there 1 night but stuff not let’s me to record my selfie video! Is not good Enjoyed my stay, The hotel has great facilities, kinda a bit far away from city. but nice and modern hotel They charge extra fee after final price Excellent Steak House and lobby lounge. Service at cafe next to ice rink is good too. Lobby service wasn’t good enough. the view is the best overlooking river and entire Seoul. room is very very small for the price! The curtains made the room completely dark which was nice for waking up a little late. Nice facilities! Should have the same standard like other hyatt hotel Nice place with cozy room but opening hour for outside swimming pool is soo bad... only until 6pm... hope they can change very spacious room with excellent facilities couldn't use the pool due to overcrowding though. A bit pricy but localization and quality is right up there Pros- Very helpful and corteous staff Cons - Adistance away from City A bit far drom everywhere. But overall is great nice hotel” Business stop over” still dissappointed ” Great for Christmas” Excellent hotel” Comfortable ” comfortable and relaxing” Good location. Good environment.” great for a stopover” Amazing” Relaxing, quiet, escape from the city” Nice Stay but somewhat disappointing ” Very resty” good comfort stay ” Great Hotel!” A tranquil Hotel in the busy Seoul” Outstanding hotel worth every penny” Nice hotel and good service however very expensive” top hotel” A true 5* hotel (with a few minor quibbles) ” super staff, nice rooms and facilities. no great location Perfect for a business layover location, comfort, facilities I was up-sold a club level room upon check in. I like an up-sell so I took it, but was too busy with work meetings to make use of the club facilities. I had a late night departure flight so asked as I was checking out (at 9am) if I would be able to use the shower/gym or facilities later in the late afternoon when I was done with all my meetings but waiting to leave for the airport (9pm) and got a robotic "no club benefits are allowed to be used after check out". It disappointing and definitely not what I would expect from a 5-star international hotel brand - way to make sure I stay loyal to SPG from now on Grand Hyatt! Environment, bar and comfort Crowded hotel with strict policy of 3pm checkin was probably the only unpleasant thing. Otherwise, would stay again. Clean, beautiful interior, helpful staff The rooms are a bit small, in particular the bathroom. Also the arrival area by car/taxi is uncoordinated and hence a bit chaotic. Other than these small issues this is a first class hotel and I would not hesitate to stay here again. Bed, view, lobby Convinently located, comfortable, dining A great experience that I will share with anyone who is planning to travel to Seoul. Park near the hotel, Good restaurant in Itaewon, Luxury hotel Good to spend a night in Seoul. Quiet, swimming pool, park, mountain view was also very good. location, staff, transport Staff rooms very clean, great location. When for the weekend with the in-laws who are in there sixties.... Loved the location taxi to centre very cheap if you don't want to walk. Great breakfast, helpful staff, and amazing views of the city I did enjoy my stay at the Hyatt but I think it is over priced for what it is. The breakfast was very western, which I enjoyed, and the staff were all very helpful. The views were spectacular and I did enjoy waking up to the Seoul Tower practically outside my window. For the money though, the rooms seemed old and not really that up scale for the price paid. Location, Service, and Elegance My stay was ok, unfortunately though the room was relatively small for a five star hotel, the Air Conditioner was turned off, though earlier in the week I stayed in a more seedy hotel and the AC worked just fine. There was no bathtub which was upsetting, but the overall location (next to the Namsung tower) was outstanding. Would recommend this hotel, but I would suggest staying in a upper level room like a suite. Clean, comfort, bars and pubs Perfect, it is an expensive but very nice hotel ,especially for a week end in Seoul see my answers aforementioned Friendly service, 5-star, internet Take a break from the shopping zone as it locate in the beautiful Namsan area. Excellent staff, The Club rooms represent excellent value for money with evening drinks and breakfast complimentary, amazing views Too short! Helpful staff and great welcome. Enjoyed every moment Easy transport to airport and night life Convenient hotel. Limo bus stops in front of the hotel to go to the airport. Drinks, food in the lobby and restaurants are extremly expensive. Service is what you can expect from a 5 star hotel. Free shuttle bus to Iteawon where all the nice shops, bars and resto's are. helpful staff, uber clean, great gym and spa, lovely environment you will love this hotel. it is in a very convenient location - close to shops. Also the staff is very helpful. They will print up for you names and directions of places so that you can provide it to your taxi driver and they will understand where you want to go. (if you don't speak Korean) The hotel is very clean. The restaurants are great. In the summer there is an outdoor pool and tennis courts to utilize. In the winter there is a great ice rink. Room views, breakfast, staff, gym Our stay at the Gran Hyatt Seoul was really enjoyable. Although the location is a bit strange, most central places in Seoul are within a bus ride reach. In addition, being where it is, the hotel commands amazing views of both downtown Seoul and the Namsan mountain and tower. The breakfast buffet at the "Terrace" was simply amazing, with all kinds of food to choose from (try the smoothies!). The hospitality, politeness, and eagerness to help from the hotel staff was also something that impressed us. All in all a very nice stay! Two small quibbles: the rooms (at least the non-club ones) are fairly small and a bit cluttered with furniture. However, they make up for it with stunning views. Also, although a bath-tub was advertised, we didn't have any in our room, just a shower-cabin. The second quibble is about the prices. Prepare to pay good money for any additional service you might need (ie, sauna, spa, room service, in-house restaurants and cafes). As an example, a bottle of water in the gym (granted it was Evian but still...) costed a bit shy of 10 dollars. That is pretty ridiculous. Excellent hotel with good facilities” Fantastic hotel” Perfect Hotel in Seoul” Great View , Nice Place ” Great Hotel” Nice hotel good service” Sr Director” Superbe location , top service” Good view from the room” Always excellent” Great hotel, great service, but no free wi-fi” Nice friendly Hotel In good location for shopping ” Nice view with great service!” A feeling of luxury and comfort” Good time, but crazy expensive” great view from the hotel” A great experience” Great Location but little pricy” great location” Clean and luxury” Excellent service, restaurants and bars, at the Grand Hyatt Seoul - but slightly small rooms Excellent service level throughout the hotel. Seoul can be difficult to get around especially in the winter but the Grand Hyatt has such a variety of dining choices you can do most of your business entertaining in the hotel. JJ's and the Paris Bar are both fun venues, JJs is loud and big, with a band, the Paris Bar is smaller and more intimate. The service staff at the Paris Bar are particularly good. The rooms at the Grand Hyatt are a little on the small side but they are adequate. The service overall is excellent, within Seoul the only hotel with better service is the the Shilla. Only downside - I got a cheap rate on Agoda and then was unable to het any credit for the nights on my Hyatt Card. Great location, service and facilities This was my third stay and everything was excellent. Professional staff. Competent and helpful at all times. Rooms are a bit small, but comfortable and so are the beds. I liked that they have a free internet option (not usual for a 5-star hotel), which is sufficient to download emails. The breakfast and lunch buffets are great and I love the view over the river sipping on my coffee in the morning. The spa is one of the best hotel spas I have seen so far. Good-sized gym (although I didn't use it). One indoor and one outdoor pool and a great sauna and hot spring area. The hotels close proximity to Itaewon is also a plus as you can enjoy a large number of restaurant and bars almost around the corner. Clean and complete amenities, nice looking rooms, lobby lounge is so serene, reasonable price, great service The room is quite clean, very conducive to working. However, wifi may not be so strong. You can only get strong internet if you pay extra of about US$20 per day using a lan cable which the provide. You get all the amenities of a five star hotel from Hyatt Seoul. Location from the train station (KTX) is good but from hotel to airport (Incheon), you will pay about 60,000 Korean won. Nothing is bad Surely will be back again !!! Overall will 8/10 The view is very nice Location to alot of different resturants, and faclities are clean and very nice This Hotel is one of the top Hotels in Seoul, the service is great and the rooms are good size and very clean. Restaurant Good service restaurant Nice atmospher Night club Swimming pool Service, facilities Very good location, great facilities and service. The rooms are a little small but nicely done, new and clean. I would recommend the Grand Hyatt Seoul to my colleagues and would potentially stay there as part of a personal trip. Great view Seoul has a discret charm. This place makes the most ot it. Great view of the town. If you plan to visit the town with the city bus the stop is in front of the hotel, the airport limousine bus will also drive you there and leave you in front of the lobby. The service is top, everyone speaks excellent english which is not the case in all the tourist hotels and is always very helpful. With the club room i had on the 18 th floor, breakfast was served in the loundge , as well as snacks and drinks from 5.30 to 7.30, all very good and complentary. It is not cheap, but other 5 star hotel are near same price without the same quailty of service. Avoid the french restaurant prices are a rip off, there is a shuttle to itewan (it takes 5 minutes), an area where you find plenty of cheap or middle range restaurant. Clean room We have stayed in the 9th floor facing the Namsan Tower. The view was excellent. Also there is a lot of cafe outside of the hotel. convenient location service was excellent. good location! the restaurants never got better. they are okay but it never gets better. same menus since 10 years ago. Location, room design, service definitely "hyatt" level of service, nothing less. my only criticism is about the internet. hotel provides wire connection included in the room rate. wireless is also available, but it is provided by an external provider at a very expensive rate (20 usd for 24hrs). in an era of travellers with ipad and smartphones, an hotel of such level should provide complimentary wi-fi. Nice room & friendly staff Large, clean room & toilet with safe deposit box & mini bar. Good bars & restuarants serving good affordable food & beveradges with very friendly staff. Free shuttle bus every hour taking you to shopping centres & shuttle bus to airport. Good location, easy to get around the hotel is located in good location and easy to get around. there's shuttle bus service directly from the airport. also it has nice view overlooking the city. the staff are very helpful and friendly which make the stay even more impressive. definitely somewhere i'd go back when i have a chance. Location and view great service from the front desk in assistance on all requests. going out of the way personally to provide advice. room service was also first class as attendants were courteous and efficient. as with all grand hyatts, it never fails to impress me on the standards. Clean and has everything you want, just have to pay This place is an amazing place for someone who likes to drink and dance by the poolside, enjoy the artistic aroma of the hotel itself, want to see some expensive cars on the front parking lot, or just wants to treat themselves to a good time especially with Itaewon being in walking distance. good location, right in the mt. Namsan overlooking the Han river i enjoyed staying in grand hyatt hotel. it was a relaxing stay due to the location, away from the busy and crowded downtown area and yet, close enough to get around. the hotel is elegantly decorated. as you enter the lobby, you will see the great view of the han river and the south part of the city and it has a superb facilities. we used the fitness center which included a great spa area. from our room, it was relaxing to look out the nature of the mt. namsan and the seoul tower. Pool and location we had a wonderful time at the grand hyatt hotel. the pool was nice and the service was excellent. the grand hyatt hotel is also a short walk or taxi ride to many excellent restaurants in itaweon. i would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking to relax in luxury. excellent customer service, professional staff, nice health & sports facilities i stayed in grand hyatt seoul for 2 nights. the hotel has a great location at the hilly area in the center of seoul. the rooms are to the smaller side but not the smallest (i estimate them to be 20-23 sqm. the furniture is in good shape and very practical (more like a business furniture hotel). short walk to etawon shopping and restaurants area. good service, great location nice hotel , central to all areas, great service.the gym is suberb, and the staff are always helpful , in translation. Close to Itaewon It is a bit pricey, but the features of the room, the hotel, and Itaewon being right outside makes it all worth it. I recommend this place for people with money, but there are other hotels nearby that are half the price. Nice stay” I got an offer” 우수” Good location, comfortable room” 우수” ideal hotel” 우수” Good price, clean, handy location, great staff” Soso” Good” Clean & Comfortable” Convenient location and good service” Bit far away from subway” Cozy but not very good as expected ” very clean” Great place to stay” 우수” recommandable” GOOD PLACE FOR A FEW NIGHT” Clean and cozy” My girlfriend and I stayed two nights and really enjoyed the use of the bathtub and the location. The hotel is great & good value of money since I got the offer of 70% off. Were given 2 shower robe when checked in.. But 1 was wet.. On the 2nd day, they didn't give us any shower robe at all. Lots of restaurants around, Gangnam shopping district is close. Room is clean and comfortable. Good buffet breakfast with a decent range of choices. I stayed two nights. The hotel was clean, convenient, comfortable and near entertainment. The location is good, staff are generally friendly and helpful, just that there were only limited choices for breakfast. There is evena gym! Dont bother with the breakfast, you can find lots of fun food nearby! Soso Very good Pro - Other than being clean & comfortable, there are restaurants, a local super market & 24-hr convenient outlets within walking distance. The bus-stop (including for the airport bus 6009) is also near. Con - For subways, its abt a 15-minute walk to Yangjae Subway Station/ 17-minute walk to Gangnam Subway Station. Convenient location from airport and to escape city to outside. Staff & service were good and affordable breakfast If u are willing to walk a bit, this hotel should be fine. Nice and new hotel, but it is a quite walking distance from the subway station. They upgraded my room at a free of charge, but the shower had a bit of problem and was a bit smelly inside. If I got that room, I wouldn't have been very happy. Do not expect much on the city view as the area around the hotel is under contruction. I did not have breakfast but there are many choices to eat around hotel so I suggest that you do not pay for your breakfast in advance. It was very clean! t is near Gangnam Station and convenient for transportation. There was a McDonald's near here, so it was great for breakfast. Stylish albeit small rooms, very clean, comfy bed. A short walk away from Gangnam's main subway stop. Would definitely stay there again. Nice hotel, staff accomadaiting we asked late c/o upon c/i and c/o at 13:00 was confirmed by Front desk staff. but Front desk called us at 12:30 on our c/o date and said we were supposed to check out at 12:00. It was totally his mistake and he didn't even say sorry. IT'S GOOD PLACE FOR A FEW DAYS. NEAR BY KANGNAM STATION I loved my stay at Shilla Stay. You have to walk about 7-10 min to get to the subway but you can also get on the bus right in front of the hotel. A lot of places to eat around in that area. Good location but ” Very Good Stay” Minor detail” Allot 1-hr to get Checked in” Great location, budget, friendly” Good stay, good hotel” 우수” awesome view ever!!” PWD ROOM(ACCESSIBLE ROOM)” 우수” Good location” 우수” Great” 우수” Perfect Location and Nice Stay! ” Worked just fine for us.” Hotel with Great location” very nice, except for location” Decent hotel with flaws” Shilla Stay Gwanhwamun revew” The location is great if you plan to visit spots above the Han river such as Gyeongbok palace, Insa-dong, Jongro and Shinchon. However cleanliness needs to be improved and a family room for three people was small. I liked the location, free parking and Starbucks right next to the hotel. Hotel is in a great location, rooms are nice and clean. Overall a very good hotel! I liked location and services. However, the lighting in the entrance is so dim (almost dark) and was not so welcoming as a first time user. Improved lighting and floral decor may help. The Goods: Breakfast & late check-out at 3:00 pm, Great location near temple & palace and other great eateries in the area. The Bads: Check-in process took about 1-hr (perhaps due to Covid screening), the Front desk only calls out numbers in Korean, so if you speak English, you're out of luck. I felt like a nuisance to some staff for not understanding Korean; the same goes in the dining area when picking up our morning bento box. Pros Absolutely location. If you plan to stay in the middle of Seoul for palace, this is it. Cons Very surprised by the uncleanness. Specially for the name of Shilla. Good value Good breakfast. Cups for coffee in bedroom should not be paper as cannot use twice. 조계사 view was really awesome and also room condition was not that bad. no tub and roll shower. but they doesn't offer shower chair or commode chair. very near Gwanghamun Good location. great place Kind staff eng good clean. Shilla standard Need to improve cleaning bathroom; hair in bathtub, discolored and worn towels were awful regarding Shilla brand. Except this loved Great location for both tour and business, helpful staffs, nice bedding and amenity (Aveda). Perfect location and surrounding by nice coffee house and several famous Korean restaurant! I put Shilla Stay for my last night in Seoul so I can just relax and enjoy the day and do the packing.. Overall is great, buy it during promo price Stayed total 10+ days for a vacation trip for two stays during 14 day trip to Korea. Superb location. Within walking distance, lots of tourist attractions, great restaurants, shopping, public transportation, just to name a few. Facility itself is nothing special but functional with no problems. Very basic room that is very compact in size but bed was comfortable and bedding was good quality. Housekeeping, most of days great but not so much for a couple of days. If you are worried about hot room temperature, just ask for a room with an openable window. Staff was very attentive and responded quickly and professionally to a couple of maintenance issues. It is not a luxury hotel but I think it will work fine if you are looking for comfortable night stays in downtown Seoul for a decent rate! Shills stay is very convenient which closes to Two Underground station within 2-3mins walking distance. Taxi fee to central only costs around 4000-5000won. A lot of restaurants and shopping malls nearby. Hotel room is clean and tidy. Service is good and friendly. If you stay in higher level, you could have some nice night view from window. 좁은 공간, 효율적인 이용 The location is decent (but not great). You have to wait a very long time to get into the elevator, and the shower area floods every time because of its strange layout. However, things were super clean and the staffs were very professional and friendly. I would stay again if I am in the area for a business trip. Quiet, convenient location. Close to Insadong, Samcheongdong & a few subway stations. Staff were professional & responsive. Perhaps a little understaffed such that a couple of services had to be self managed, i.e. laundry had to be brought to & collected from the concierge.
 Mostly good” good location, staffs is nice” Value for money” Huge property” Good facilities” 우수” Helpful staff” Good location and Clean spacious room” Very good hotel but location is not so good ” the room is clean and spacious” Clean, Pretty but a bit far from downtown” Good location” Shuttle service is great” Hotel PJ a great value” the room is spacious and clean” Family Vacay” 우수” 우수” Not bad for its room size, location proximity, shuttle bus frequency” Friendly staff, clean room” Good... Staff spoke english well and were very professional. Facility well kept and clean. Rooms large and beds too. Onsite guest luggage holding facility at no charge if within 12hrs. Cafe and bakery onsite. Average... PJ breakfast was less than average given just under 15,500-won and what was offered. It was hot cooked breakfast. Nice hotel surrounded by buildings stuck in time. Subway location is a walk, maybe a few minutes. Sidewalks will test wheels on luggage. Coin laundry exists at 2000-won per wash and same for dryer. Units struggled to get the job done, need replacement. Bad... No A/C during our stay because it was cool outside. Staff indicated the system is central so all or nothing, and was nothing. However room maintained 79-81*F. For us this is huge as we did not get good sleep during our stay. This alone will prevent us from staying here again. Other hotels A/C were functioning as we sampled four during our stay in Korea. the hotel is in a good location, you can walk around 8 mins to Euljiro-3 rd station or Chungmuro station. the staffs in the hotel are all nice, and helpful. and the driver of the hotel shuttle bus is kind and helpful too, helped us to carry the baggages to the bus and carry down from the bus. the room is big and clean. will recommend to stay in PJ hotel especially with kids. but the only thing can improve is the time slot for shuttle bus to Myeong Dong if can stop after 9pm and Dong Dae Mun if can provide in day time will be nicer and more convenient for us. If can provide us the time schedule of the shuttle bus to return to Hotel will be good too. Me and my family chose to stay in Hotel PJ because of the good reviews. It was a good hotel, rooms were clean. They provided a water refilling station on our floor which was nice. Staff were quite helpful and speak English well. It would take about 15 minutes walk going to the Myeongdong market. Myeongdong is famous for its make ups and cute stuff and at night the area has plenty of street food . The Hotel provides a service bus around the area. You can get the bus schedule from the front desk. All in all, I would recommend this hotel. This hotel and its rooms are both big and spacious. Loved that they offered free shuttle around Seoul, which made it very easy to go to and from the hotel. I just wish the shuttle guide they provide indicated the exact stop location as it was not clear that the morning and night routes have different drop off and pick up points. Wasn’t also a fan of the hotel’s location as it is quite a walk to the nearest train station and the surrounding community seems a bit shady for me. Appreciated that the room we got was upgraded (thanks!) however, there was a dead mosquito on the wall, a fly flying around, and hair inside the mini refrigerator. All the negatives aside, the rest of the facilities were fine. Check in and check out were a breeze. The self baggage storage was really nice. Might consider booking again when I return to Seoul. We stayed here for 4 nights. Although only a 15 mins walk to MyeongDong,they offer a free shuttle to not even Myeong Dong, also Namdaemun. At 5pm, they have another shuttle to Dongdaemun, Gwangjang Market . Rooms are always kept tidy. A few mins walk to Eurjiro 4 ga station. Especially like their luggage storage, each one can entitle a 12 hours free storage of luggage in a seperate locker with our own password. It is quite save and convenient to pick up. For better improve,one is the gym room has no running machine, the other is the light in the room is not enough. Others are perfect. Anyway , will book to this hotel next time. The hotel is located in between 3 subway stations which are all about 8 mins walk away. It is located in an area of run down and old buildings with some demolition or construction going on. Please note that the air con is not turned on during autumn/winter time and we were told to open the windows if too warm. During our first two nights of stay, the constructions works actually started at 440am!! And with the windows opened, noises were loud and disturbing our rest. We know that the hotel has no control over the surrounding works but we still went ahead to feedback to them and got our room changed. Apart from the noises and construction going on, the stay was pleasant. I booked a deluxe triple room for myself and my parents, the room was spacey, pretty with the Japanese styling and the whole hotel was nice and clean. The water dispensers to fill up bottles on each floor was very convenient. We were on the fifth floor but you couldn't hear the outside traffic. The staff members were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet could do with more variety of asian dishes but what was offered was quite nice We made use of the shuttle bus to go to namdaemun and it was very convenient. Each stop was announced in korean, english, mandarin and I think I recall japanese as well. I don't know if there was a map that showed the route and bus stop locations but it would be helpful to have one to go along with the timetable because the bus stops aren't marked on the road. PJ is great for a good night's rest and/or a night out in dongdaemun + surrounding areas Hotel was only 1 train station from Myeondong shopping street. Front desk and concierge was helpful in planning my day trips. Every floor have got a water dispenser for both hot and cold water. Ice dispenser is there too. Room is clean, big and spacious.Cheap laundry and dryer at 3,000 won each. I chose this hotel because Of good reviews and I ran out Of rooms in myeongdong area because of My last minute booking. This hotel is near 2 subway exits. One is at Chungmuro exit 8 and one is at Euljiro 4 exit 10. I find the chungmuro subway exit more convenient and easier to find. But you have to pass this narrow busy street inside a building complex /arcade before reaching the hotel. This street is kinda dirty and smelly because it has some restaurants serving dried fish. Lots of stores also like printing press, hardware etc. So lots of people passing by. At the end of this street ,to get to the hotel, You have cross a small street with non working stoplight. You Have to be Very careful... Nevertheless, The hotel is nice and spacious , 4 stars with many amenities. Complete toiletries replaced Daily. With lockers to keep your luggage. They also have a shuttle Service to nearby places but wasn’t able to use it. Staff are Very nice and good in English, no issues checking in and checking out. But On our 3rd & 4th night, the airconditioning of the rooms were turned off. Outside temperature was just 12-14C.. they told us to just open the window. But I could hear a construction noise across the Street but only for one night. Given the chance, I won’t book again in this hotel. I would choose somewhere in Myeongdong area. almost everytime i stay at this hotel if I come to Seoul.The hotel provides shuttle until 2 pm to nearby area until Dongdaemun.It's very comfortable and the staff ia very friendly and helpful as well. I loved this hotel but it was a bit far from Myeongdong Street. It's ok tho because they had shuttles. Overall it was a great experience. Booked it for my anniversary with my BF. Super clean This hotel is close to Myeongdong shopping complex (1.5 km), near subway station (0.5 km), so this is quite convenient for taking downtown tours, especially when you plan to travel on your own by public transportation. It is a bit expensive compared to its facilities. I would expect to have a play area for kids, or a swimming pool. Also the area around it is under construction, so traffic is a bit problem if you take a taxi. The location is really convenient and the free shuttle service is an added bonus. The staff was super helpful and always had a smile. The only downside is the lack of in hotel restaurant or room services in the evening. Lots of things close by, but one person in our party couldn’t make it out a few nights and room service would have been so much easier. Stayed here a couple of nights over the rainy weekend, the price was great hotel was roomy but it was not close to attractions. However thanks to PJ they had a shuttle bus to take you around. Breakfast was good too considering the situation in the world. I would definitely come back again for the hospitality and friendly service. i love to stay at this hotel because the room is spacious and clean and the hotel provides shuttle to nearby area until Dongdaemun until 2 am in the morning and near the hotel many restaurants as well Cons- confusing to find at first, no fabric or clothes spray/perfume after eating with grill restos Pros- mins of walk to subway station, alot of food plc, lov it has refil for water & ice... over all it was jus an awesome vacay for us. Although it was rly rly cold... but kids & i had a memorable tym the hotel was a bit far from the nearest subway station (chumuro station, about 5min walk) and near the hotel there is a construction site (dated 9nov2019). hotel breakfast was not bad 👍🏼 and the staff was very helpful and assist me promptly when i arrived ! the room was a little dusty but in general quite okay for a short stay. however, on one of the days there was a dead bird that was found at the balcony and i had to call the front desk to ask them to help clean it up , they seemed a bit confused at my request but they settled it quickly. Location is excellent., easily accessible to 3 subways. Near to airport transfer and to most spots for tourists. Highly recommended for family with ample choices of local food and fast food. Pro: location proximity, alot of restaurant is nearby, so don't have to worry about three meals, even supper. Shuttle bus from 8am till 2am, hourly was really good just take note of the timing for course A or course B depend on different timeslots. Room was really big comparing with any other hotel in Myeong Dong. Buffet breakfast and brunch wasn't too bad, taste was quite good too. You could request to check out at 1pm with no additional cost. Con: the gym was really limited equipments, no treadmills, only 4bicycle, and lots of yoga mats, no weights to be found. Have to remove shoe when entering gym, where u cycle barefooted which is weird. The staff has stern faces but mostly speak English and not Chinese. They are strict on their checking in timing at 2pm, not flexible at all. Overall, we were quite satisfied with the hotel. Gor free shuttle bus can bring us to many places. Breakfast menu need to revisit 우수” 우수” nice hotel” Overall great” Nice and clean ” Great Location with Free Shuttles to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun” Nice hotel, they're not just in Myeongdong. ” Good choice” Decent stay” Older hotel that is up kept nicely.” Trip to Korea” Great location” Affordable ” Friendly Staff” Great location & worth” Perfect Location” Good hotel” 6 days in seoul” It’s good place for turing Seoul” 우수” The staff are very nice and helpful. The shuttle is convenient but I need to take the stroller and seem not suitable to baby. The hotel is located near the subway but the exits have no elevator. Good location and the room is of adequate size for a family of 4. Appreciate there are ice and water dispenser along the hallway. Really appreciate the complimentary bus service which brings you to the shopping belt and night markets. The breakfast menu is ordinary but is adequate. The dining area is not overly crowded. For families looking to wash their laundry in the laundry room, there are limited washers and dryers for such a big hotel. Do plan ahead to avoid crowding. Appreciate that there is a laundry room in cold winter and the laundry can be done indoors. Spacious, staff are friendly and helpful! Free shuttle bus is good although I didn't take it. The breakfast is good, but not much choices. The hotel is at the intersection of several subway lines, so quite convenient. However, it still takes a while to walk to the subway, and there is construction work on-going. Room is clean, bed is comfortable, hotel employees are friendly and nice. my family stayed at Hotel PJ for 5 nights and we were all very happy. especially the shuttles to Myeondong made it convenient for us though not staying in the heart of Myeongdong but we were just as happy. the coined-laundry facilities was another plus point for us and would definitely consider and recommend friends and family to stay at this hotel You have to take the hotel shuttle or take public transport to Myeongdong. Spacious hotel, clean facilities and very friendly and accommodating staff. Their coin laundry and business lounge is a plus. 3 bedroom very nice. Big closet near door, very convenient to get off thick coat in winter. Will stay again if visit Seoul. Hotel is located between two subway stations which makes it easy to plan your travel route. That being said, dont expect the hotel to be right in front of any subway station exit. Be prepared to walk approx 5 to 8 mins from each subway exit. Hotel surrounding area is dead quiet at night. Walking back to hotel at night can be a little spooky. Construction / renovation works are happening all around the hotel during our stay The gym and business centers were closed on my visit. The train station is a couple blocks away. They had the most staff of all the hotels we stayed at in Korea so far. He had been to 4 so far 3 more to go. The breakfast was tasty and had a good selection. very clean room, 5 minutes to chungmuro station and shuttle bus service for chungmuro and myeongdong available, some staffs can sqeak japanese, recomend for your staying in korea especially in myeongdong area! The location was great. There’s a shuttle bus service to myeongdong and dongdaemun. Also, plenty of choices at the breakfast buffet. We loved that they have baggage storage service which is free for 12 hours. The room was nice and spacious. Relatively close to the metro station. Metro station had lifts and escalators so you don’t have to lug your luggages up stairs. There was a hot, cold and ice dispenser at every level. Only issue was that the temperature control is centralized. We couldn’t adjust the temperature. There are many small Korean Food eateries nearby Hotel PJ Myeongdong. The room is clean and spacious and their staff is very helpful and friendly. Stayed one night - for business travel it is perfect. The room is a bit smaller than expected. Good service and clean. Easy to get around - Free Shuttle Service to Shopping Area It was good experience and satisfied. When my neighbor room made noise until midnight, the manager handled it nicely. The breakfast was good enough even though it wasn't Buffett due to the new sop. Anyways, recommended. memorable vacation break, good food, tours, shopping There has the wedding convention. It could be complex for finding your room. But the room was spacable for getting refresh. And you can also enjoy using the terrace. Location is convenient.The breakfast should offer more varieties of food Recommended” 우수” Great place for a few days stay” very good” Interior design nice and near chungmuro subway” Value for Money” Good and price is worth” 우수” Very convenient location” 우수” Everything is good” Clearness ” value for price” Solid Hotel” good” Good location” Fabulous stay in PJ Hotel Myeongdong ” Good” Nice Hotel Close To Myeongdong” 우수” I was here on a solo 7 days trip. It was 5 mins away from train station and nearby all tourist attractions via subway. Super helpful staff! Lovely! Room is extremely spacious. Very comfortable. The courtesy of the reception. Friendly staff. Very clean. love the shuttle bus Hotel got provide free shuttle bus to nearest tourist interest place. The free shuttle is convenient taking you shopping areas. Nice location . Good for business travel. Will come back again a very nice stay in PJ great breakfast friendly staff room with balcony There are two metro stations near this hotel (about 5 minutes walk). And you have access to 4 different lines of Seoul Metro. Pros: They helped to store our luggage for more than 24hrs Cons: Heavy Constructions nearby during our period of stay. The facility looks a little old but it’s functional! The location is great, the room is quiet and the breakfast is okay with this price;) The light in the room is flashy so I turned it off… other than that it is a good hotel to stay Good hotel and clean breakast is good Overall, I was very satisfied with my stay here. Pros: - quiet hotel - quiet neighbourhood - conveniently located near two subway stations (though I do not believe it's in Myeongdong proper) - coin laundry on site which was very convenient - convenience store located nearby - but not accessible from inside the hotel - 2 water bottles provided (almost) daily (housekeeping missed one day) - great self-serve locker storage on site Cons: - the halls are very fragrant which, for those with allergies / sensitivities to fragrance, is challenging - the bed is a bit too soft - housekeeping was a bit hit & miss but nothing to get really upset over - major con for me was the noisy AC. It literally shrieked every time it came on - and the shrieking grew longer with my stay. It woke me up often. By the day I left, the shriek was at least 20 seconds long good Nice The family enjoyed the stay in PJ Hotel Myeongdong. The frequent shuttle bus rides to the shopping areas Myeongdong and Dongdaemon made shopping trips extremely convenient. The hotel is also conveniently located near train stations, convenience stores and food outlets. Over all are OK, near myeong dong market. Most of Hotel officers are nice and helpful but some officers need to improve. My room toilet is not work. Well located home in Myeongdong area. Just 10 minutes walk you may arrive the heart of Myeongdong. The fare we paid is not include breakfast but you can find Korean style breadfast or Coffee shop few blocks away. The staffs are very friendly, tell the doorman where you wanna go and he will arrange taxi for you. BTW, PJ hotel provide shuttle bus to Myeongdong and Dongdaemum, you may find the schedule in front of the gate. I will recommend PJ Hotel to my friends. The hotel is not well known to the taxi drivers. As typical taxi driver in Seoul - my taxi driver did not speak English and just dumped me in area that is closed by the hotel instead of the exact front door, Anyway, managed to find the hotel after a few min of walking. And it has a very nice minimalist lobby. The room is slightly smaller, however, perhaps it has too many chairs in it. My room has 4 chairs. Also, the staff needs to improve the English a little. Overall - a great hotel, great location, 200 m from subway stations and will definitely stay there again..... Good and as specially the free shuttle bus” Good value ” everything is good except the surrounding near the hotel” Good stay” Pleasant hotel stay” Excellent service and comfortable room” South Korea Holiday” Great location, excellent hotel” Good hotel” Big room with Good services” We had a wonderful stay at Hotel PJ. My kids enjoyed our stay. Staff are very helpful and friendly” VERY COMFORTABLE HOTEL” Nice all round” nice hotel with reasonable price” In winter the room’s temperature was 28 degrees through out” Olympic commute and odd times” Big Bed” Good hotel, I will book again” We had a good stay. Hotel provides bus to Myeongdong.” We love our stay at PJ Myeongdong” Good next time will be stay here again Newly refurbished hotel with nice rooms. Friendly staff. About a 5-8 minute walk from several metro lines. Good - shuttle bus is excellent. Staff service and room cleaning is good. Room is big enough. Bad - the hotel itself is very good but the first feeling is that outside surrounding is a bit messy; it was very noisy outside the balcony in the early morning on Sat or Sun, I am not sure if the noise comes from a big construction site or what. Free shuttle can be packed during peak hours in the evening. However, it is still 5 mins walk to the train station. Although it is not near the main shopping district of Myeongdong or Dondaemun, I would still consider it value for money as the rooms are big and clean, and they have hot water dispenser in the common corridor as well. I booked a premier triple room. Size ok. But the layout of the room is long and don't hv much space for putting more than a luggage. Overall I am quite satisfied with the hotel. Amazed by the room size, it is huge! the hotel shuttle is so convenient and on time. I was able to go late night shopping with this free hotel shuttle (operates past midnight! ) Most attraction are within reach with this service. Good for visitors visiting Seoul for the first time. Airport bus dropped us off just a short distance away. upon alighting from airport bus, look out for KIA Motors across the street (right) and cut across the small narrow back alley (near Paris Baguette) and walk all the way straight to the end of the back alley and PJ is just right across the small road. Staff was extremely polite and helpful. Hotel is clean daily. Nice Free Shuttle to get to some major point My 2nd stay at this hotel on my 2nd visit to Seoul. Location is great and the free shuttle bus service they provide is very convenient for going to Myeongdong and surrounding areas. Room is great sized and bed is comfortable. Very comfortable stay for 2 adults and 2 children in a room. Minimart at ground level. Free shuttle was very convenient and went to most popular places. Everything we needed! Free shuttle to nearest train station n Myeong-dong till 6pm. All staff provide good services. Except location is not very convenient for shopping All our requests and inquiries were attended by the staff. Free water dispenser - hot, cold and ice is available in our floor. The free shuttle service to point areas is a PLUs and a convenience. 24 hrs store nearby and a delicious chicken store nearby. Ah, minimal comment - my husband didnt find any shaver.😂 Thank you Hotel PJ and we look forward to our future stay again. BIG ROOM ,GOOD SERVICES .FREE SHUTTLE BUS The staff were excellent at providing us with what they had to what we requested. The place is a little walk away from most tourist attractions and close to metro stations. location is not far away from down town, about 5-10 mins to MRT, clean and quite. when we arrived the hotel room we realized previous guest was smoking inside the room. staff upgrade a bigger room for us, very nice service. Great location. Staff were alright and clean rooms. However it was difficult to sleep because the room’s temperature was 28 degrees throughout. Could not get a good night’s sleep. Tried fiddling with the controls but to no avail. Likewise my partner had no success with the controls. Stayed here four nights through the olympics and commuted back and forth each day. The rapid rain and taxi got me back at the hotel by 3 am. BTW you WILL pay 10 times regular fare at that time of night. Left the hotel at 6:30 am each day, which sucked because the breakfast buffet starts at 7 am and was part of my Agoda package. It would have been nice if the hotel had foresight and offered visitors like me a breakfast to go or at least hot coffee and Korean sweets. The room was spacious but walls VERY THIN. I heard every conversation from my neighbors. A little run down, maybe was 4 star at one time but now 3. Although there is hope, staff was nice and they are renovating, but the surrounding neighborhood looks run down, more than other places. the bed is big enough for you to sleep with your children. shuttle bus is very convenient especially when u bring your parent Good location nearby many restaurants and shops. Comfortable room and helpful staffs. Free electronic lockers with very spacious compartment for guests up to 12 hours It will be good if the self service laundry can have a bigger capacity washer (commerical type) to cut short the washing + drying. Pj Myeongdong is really good. The location's not bad tho. Near to 2 metro subway stations, Euljiro 3 and Chungmuro stations. Near to station for airport bus (Chungmuro station). But please be noted, Pj Myeongdong aren't located at Myeongdong public market, u can reach myeongdong market with metro subway. Our room is very big and clean, Bed are big. Bathroom are very comfort too, big and the most important are very clean. Theres a laptop with internet connection at our room. we can use it n relaxing at our room. There's a convenience store around the hotel. Oh yeah, the most important things too, there's a water dispenser too in front off our room which is very good. Over all, PJ Myeongdong is doing a really good job. We love our stay at PJ Myeongdong.. 우수” 우수” Good location” PJ Hotel. worth coming back again” 우수” 우수” Good hotel with sufficient amenities” Facilities are great!!” Good” good” Superb value for money” My home in Seoul” Worth the booking” High CP in a short trip.” Comfortable and Spacious” House Keeping” nice environment but no room service when I'm hungryyyyy!” Value for money & clean room” Good hotel but NOT 4 stars!” Shuttle bus services to most major tourist locations” Great location, it was easy to get to the shopping areas as the hotel had a shuttle bus service and the hotel was within walking distance to Myeongdong. Room was clean and comfortable, decent size. Will definitely be back again! friendly staff Good location that is accessible to many popular places in seoul like Myeongdong, Ewha Women Uni etc. 5mins or lesser to reach Chungmoru station and you'll be able to travel to your desired places via subway. They even provide hotel shuttle to and fro to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun Market. Hotel is really clean and spacious as well. Only down side is that the staff there are not as helpful and constantly telling you "I dont know" to many of the qns asked. Good luck! The hotel has superb location, spacious room, efficient staff and very value for money from airport we use bus 6015 fare around 14000W. Good location but for family with small children advise to use taxi. As bus will only stop at the corner of the street near the hotel. You have to walk 10 to 15mins to PJ hotel. The best thing about this hotel are they provide shuttlebus from myeongdong, namdaemun, dongdaemun area and back to the hotel. Walking distance (5 to 10 mins) to Chungmuro station & Euljro 4 station. This hotel also provide self laundry on 8F. The front desk staff are very helpful and friendly. Hotel is great but I did got lost during my way there. We booked the triple room. The room was clean and spacious. The only problem i feel because we were travelling with kids, the hotel is quite a distance to the metro or train. We had to walk alot. But if you come with a bunch of healthy people, i dont see it as a problem. The location is walking distance to the central. The room is big compared to other hotels. They also have water and ice dispenser that most hotel don't have. Their free shuttle bus also makes easier for you to have access around the city, Super recommended. Good hotel, great supportive staff good location, well staff, good transporatation The hotel is located near Chungmuro Station which is a bit of a walk or a 5-minute shuttle ride to Myeongdong. We were happy with our good-sized room plus balcony. The breakfast buffet was satisfactory, there was a choice of Korean food like Bulgogi, spicy octopus, kimchi, soup and noodles, Western food like different breads, eggs with bacon, salads, fries. Loved the coffee machine. The shuttle is a definite plus, it goes to Myeongdong during the day and Dongdaemun in the evening/night. This is my second time staying at Hotel PJ, I came with my parents and brother and they all enjoyed their time here. I think the staff here are all willing to help and do try their best to communicate with you even with a language barrier. Our house keeper was really helpful and warm, we felt so lucky that she helped us during our time here, our room was spotless with her hardwork. I believe her name was Muyong. There was also a gentlemen who helped us a lot when we had to stow our luggage at the hotel and also when we were checking out. He helped us with our luggage all around the hotel. He was concerned that we would be travelling with so much luggage via airport shuttle and managed to get us a discounted taxi (regular taxi would have been pricey) and got us safely and comfortably to the airport. Heck even the bellman is helpful, he'll take care of speaking to taxi drivers and will even look up your address and write little notes for your directions. Great Hotel! Service and room feel were average. Would be great if we were greeted with smiles when we first arrived. However room was spacious. Shuttle service was such a bonus bringing people to popular spots with reasonable frequency. Within walking distance to Chungmuro station. Every floor has a ice and water station near lift lobby. Seriously, except the bed, all others are good. Great location to have wonderful window shopping, the famous fish market is also just not far away from hotel for 5 mins walking distance. Same as Busan tower is also just in around 15 mins walking distance. The staff has friendly attitude, just pity not able to comunicate with too much English. However, even though we couldn't sleep comfortable for the hard bed, but others are ALL GOOD. Hotel Staffs were friendly and helpful. Rooms were clean. Definitely value for money and shuttle bus services from hotel to the surrounding areas made it easy for us to shop till you drop! Will be back to stay at this hotel. Location is good Cleanliness is not good. Floor not vacuum. Bedsheet not changed for more than a week. Location is good. Complimentary shuttle bus is excellent. On time departure and arrival at the various stop. they only service breakfast buffet. no restaurant for dinner at all. have to travel out to find food after a tired day of shopping.. :( overall. the place is comfy and clean. balcony with smoking tray :) though the lights has been blown off when we check in, need to smoke in the dark. haha. nice staff. might come back to stay again if Im going to Seoul again. about 20 min walk to myeongdong shopping street. Good location near to Chungmuro Station and you can pretty much access to anywhere via subway. Free shuttle bus by hotel is also a plus point that can take you to myeongdong, namdaemun, lotte mall, dongdaemun and it runs from 8am to 2am! Room is cozy and bed is comfy, overall a good experience staying here. I really enjoyed my stay. The staff was friendly and spoke English. The hotel claims to be 4 stars but I beg to differ; it's missing a pool and gym. While we were there, the rooftop garden was closed so that was disappointing. The location was excellent! close to subway and tons of things to do, buy and eat! With the ease of shuttle bus services, both morning routes and night route, we could access more tourist locations - saving transport cost and also less chance of being lost. We could easily hop on and hop off, and even go for midnight shopping! Rooms were big, with a balcony. Great location ” Hotel Suitable for Families and Couples alike” Big room” 우수” Nice. Comfortable. The staff in hotel friendly.” 우수” Worth the Value” Good” Still ok” 우수” Nice hotel and friendly staff” Excellent Stay” Very clean and cozy hotel” 우수” Friendly staff,Clean room” 우수” GOOD” GOOD” Nice but cleaning service not really good” Hotel in good location , with shuttle bus convenient to all shopping ” Great location and I appreciated the bus offered to go to the markets Our family of 3 stayed in this Hotel in July 2017. There are 3 super single bed in the room and a balcony. The room size is big as one can even spread out the luggage for packing. The hotel is a few minutes walk from Subway station, Chungmuro, exit 8, but walking along the shop houses link way in the night can be quite dark and the smell unpleasant. The hotel is very considerate, providing shutter buses at regular interval to Myeongdong and Dongdemun shopping area. big room with foot massager but not a walking distance to Myeongdong. The hotel has a shuttle bus to & from Myeongdong and Dongdaemun though. Great shuttle service to shopping areas, close to subway and Airport bus stop, clean and comfortable hotel Pros: 1.Cleanliness in the hotel room stay 2. Fantastic Free Shuttle Bus services to all the well known tourism plce and shopping. After my first visit few years back. I have made the hotel a regular hotel whenever I visit Seoul with my family. Good location and great facilities especially the transfers to most popular tourist places of visit. A few steps away, there is the subway and also the airport limo buses. Highly recommend for leisure travellers It's not in Myeongdong central where all the shopping malls are which was what we really wanted but the hotels there are crazy expensive but the free shuttles to and from Myeongdong made up for its distance from central Myeongdong. The staff is really friendly. We booked a room for 4 and IT WAS VERY SPACIOUS. It is about 5 mins. walk from Chungmuro Station which is also an Airport bus station so we really didn't have problems going to and form the airport. It has fast Wifi. Do not be wary about the "narrow market roads" that you will be passing to and from chungmuro station. The area seems relatively safe. All in all, I would recommend this hotel. Good Second time to stay here, all were still good , except the breakfast, maybe due to low season, not much food type to choose. Very accessible and shuttle bus service is good!! PJ Hotel Myeongdong has the amenities travelers are looking for:) Pros: - Hotel bus is convenient and take you to the tourist attractions - the size of the room is decent - breakfast buffet selection is great Cons: - our room has some smell ( a little bit like sewage) - No iron in the room, but it has a laundry facility . - it was hard to catch a taxi because of its location. In fact, the hotel staff asked us to walk to the main road to catch a taxi ourselves. While not exactly in Myeongdong area, it is easily accessible by train and has a regular shuttle service. Room is spacious and very clean! Thoroughly enjoyed the stay! Very clean, the lobby smells good with distinct fragrance. They change bedsheets everyday. Plus points for the free transfer Shuttle bus service is good, go early to get a seat. clean and big room Everything was good , nice stay Nice location & free shuttle bus. GOOD GOOD The hotel very nice, room comfort, everything is good except about the cleaning service, at first time we checked in we got a instant coffee and tea, the second night we about to make a coffee but the coffee and tea gone and no refill for the next day until we checked out (we stayed 7 night), and the glass we used they dont cleaned up until we put the glasses near the trash bin and there's a dust in the desk they dont cleaning up too, but overall its nice too stay in this hotel, if you dont mind about this simple problem its a worth hotel and they have water and ice dispenser at room alley :) Will come back to this hotel , staff are very helpful and polite , we love this hotel and will recommend to friends and family Good location and service ” Good value” Very Large Room, Shuttle bus provided can reach many places” Value of money” Helpful Staff” Value for money” Nice Hotel, Value for Money” Good value” Good location” Fantastic and good location” Feels like home” Friendly staff And good shuttle service” Shuttle bus service is good, hotel staff are professional” Value for money” N/A” Comfortable room and good shuttle bus service” Good location” 90” Very clean, location convenient, breakfast buffet needs help. ” Convinient” very convenient with good service and reasonable price i will recommend to my friends We have 3 people and had been upgraded to Premium Room which is a very big room with living room. Shuttle bus is free of charge, will return staying in this hotel again The room is very large, that allowed our 2 large luggages kept opened in our room for packing up. The hotel provided a free hotel shuttle bus service travelling through Myeong-Dong and Dongdaemun, some of the transportation fee can be saved, and no walking through the cold street is required. Restaurant and subway just nearby. Hotel room need to refurbish. The chinese lady staff(couldn't remember her name) at the concierge was very helpful in assisting us on how to take the subway to our destination. Clear and precisely explained. Happy with her service. Restaurant and subway just nearby. The hotel may need refurbish, a bit old. The hotel is in a great location. There's plenty of places to eat and convenience stores near the hotel. It's also a 5 minute walk to the subway and the free shuttle bus service around the city is great. The rooms are spacious and clean. Would definitely go back when I'm in Korea again. Good location and good value It was very nice of the hotel to upgrade us to a suite room. The room was really spacious and nice. Comfy , quiet and friendly staff We were very happy to be upgraded to a family premium room. The room was big and clean. The only drawback is there was no iron in it. Buffet breakfast was also good. The shuttle bus provided free service to shopping areas. It was quite a walk where the airport bus dropped us at Chung-Muro station. We had to walk through alley ways. The driver did not give specific directions. everything was good, only the floor carpet inside the room need clean up better. The free shuttle bus services was really good, save alot on transportation. N/A Spacious and well equipped room. Was given a room upgrade and probably because of that, my room comes with a balcony which is useful for drying clothings. Quite good security measures within the hotel. Other than room card to activate elevators, there was another door within my floor (level 9) which requires room card for additional security. Noticed there was a floor for ladies when the lift door opened at that floor (level 7 I think). Like the shuttle bus to bring you out to Chungmuro Station, Myeongdong, Dongdaemun. Operate till even 2+ in the morning. There are machine operated lockers to allow safe-keeping of luggages after check out. Cons.. While hotel is not a long walk from Chungmuro station exit 8 (about 5min walk), you will have to walk through a stretch which could be a little dark and quiet. (but at least there is a 24hrs eatery along that stretch). Choose the hotel due to its laundromat. But it closes at 10pm as it is located collectively with business centre. The location is good, bus from airport and subway station is just one block walking. We stay at family room with four single beds. Room is big and clean. There are a lot of shop nearby and one big indoor market. Staff is helpful. Price is also very good for 4 beds' room. Good location. Clean, quite and non smoking. Service awesome , they provide a shuttle to/from various shopping/markets, every half hour, they were always on time. The cook at the breakfast buffet, doesn't speak English, ordered spinach & mushroom omelet twice and was given ham & tomatoes, guess that's the only one he knows. The fruits were fresh, except for the grapes, they were mushy. Otherwise, it was a great overall experience for your money. Walking distance from the airport express stop(about 5min). Not much stuff around the area. Good location. Pleasant staff.” Short but great stay” William Lim fr S'pore” service ” near and big room” Great value for the money.” Value for money and very comfortable ” Not bad” Good hotel” Hard to locate the hotel” Great location, great staff” Good to stay” Good value hotel” Great hotel” CONVENIENT LOCATION” Seoul is Fun” Good” convenient location and nice room” Small skip away from the main "tourist" area” Easy access” The hotel is centrally located, walking distance to 3 metro stations (3 different lines) which is good if you want to explore the city on your own. It is slightly away from the main shopping/business district and there is no night life at the hotel area but the shuttle service to Dongdaemun and Gwangan Night Market are a real plus. I took the quad room for 4 persons and it came with 4 comfy individual beds. It also had 1 toilet with sink/WC/bathtub and another with just showering facilities which was convenient. However, there was problem with the drainage and you cannot take long showers or the place will get flooded. Also, the room was a bit cramped due to the extra toilet. The air-conditioner did not work very well. But overall, a pleasant stay. Location is great and the hotel provides shuttle services as well We stayed for 5 nights and felt like home ... nice hotel staff, big clean room, free shuttle bus service to nearby shopping centres and also subways/food/convenient stores are all within walking distance. Will surely recommend to all my friends and stay again when we visit Seoul again. clean room,shuttle bus service,and the location is convenient near in subway Pros: Value/customer support/cleanliness/I will come back again Cons: Location somewhat off main road The hotel is not located near most of the busy shopping districts, but it compensates by providing shuttle buses for tourist, which is very convenient. At the price, it is indeed a true value for money. My group was upgraded to free of charge to a bigger room, which was an additional bonus. There is also quite abit of small local eateries in the vincity, providing tourist with a local taste. The shuttle bus is convenient especially for those foreigners who visit Korea the first time It was easily accessible from the Eulijiro-3 subway station. Easy walking distance to Myeongdong and all the fun things that go on there. Many restaurants, and shops. Hotel very clean, staff helpful and efficient.. There is a free shuttle bus that was very useful. One block away from airport bus stop, making that the easiest way to access ICN by far - and only 15,000 KRW. I would stay here again easily. It was hard to find the hotel if you are taking the subway and you have to pass through a long dark alley to get to the hotel. Apart from the location, the hotel is good for short stay. This is the 2nd stay in a year and the room is large enough for 3 adults and 2 children. Fantastic location with free shuttle bus is a great bonus! Will return for sure! Good for money Excellent helpful staff .Convenient for airport bus. Clean tidy well appointed rooms Excellent location and services free shuttle bus, clean room, near 2 different subway lines, many eateries around the area Friendly staff, excellent location and convenient access makes a very comfortable and pleasant stay. Good not too far from the shopping area and it is clean Location is away from the main area however it is convenient. Subway is nearby like a 3 minute walk. Breakfast buffet was great. Many of the staff spoke some english and were mostly helpful. I didn't like that the staff always promoted the most expensive options to reach places. Coffee coupon was only good for an americano and I couldnt pay the difference for another option of coffee. Shuttle service to the main shopping districts were great. AC was shut off due to it still being in "winter" temperature. The bad thing was that you had to sleep with the door open and it was not the quietest of nights outside the hotel. I would stay again! Location is good, short walk to 2 subway stations. Free hotel shuttle very helpful. Airport bus drops you a short walk away. Helpful staff. Love that my room had a balcony. Ice machine, washer dryer on our floor. Desktop in room unfortunately in Korean. Several eateries and 24 hour stores nearby. good location, near subway station, wifi egg rental available” 2nd Trip to Korea, 2nd stay at PJ Hotel” Good value for money” Great hotel choice ” Great hotel near major attractions” Great hotel with good facilities” Value for money” Good service, conform bedrooms ” Strategic Location” 1N triple room with living room” Breakfast is good” Worth For Money” Nice Hotel” More than I expected” good hotell” Satisfied with this hotel” convenient” Standard 4-star hotel ” Good” a nice one, will come again” Traveled with 2 friends of mine and we booked a triple room with 3 single beds & a walk out balcony. There was enough outlets in the room for each of us to charge our phones & tablets, which was very thoughtful. Subway station (chungmuro station, exit 8) is 5 mins walk away, free hotel shuttle bus that takes you to major shopping areas such as myeongdong, dongdaemun, namdaemun, gwangjang market etc. There's a bank & a 24hrs convenient store attached to the hotel for currency exchange & midnight snacks. Lots of local restaurants just across the hotel, you'll see them on your way to/from the subway station. Overall this was an excellent hotel and we will definitely come back again. My last stay was back in 2012 and this year 2016. Generally not much changes and I'm happy with their services. The room size is pretty decent with a balcony. The only thing that's a bit disappointing was the aircon is not working and the room is a bit stuffy. Good location, friendly staffs and room is spacious and clean Good size room, friendly staff, great access to subway and airport limousine bus, and frequent shuttle service to major attractions! Very clean with good facilities. Not much surrounding the hotel but the hotel has a shuttle bus that takes to your the major markets and shopping centers. Our room is big and clean. Buffet breakfast is good. Free shuttle bus service. We enjoyed our stay. Good staff service attitude The location of the hotel is very strategic, near subway station (Green and Orange line), hotel offers free shuttle service around Myeongdong Area. Room is great, the only down side about this hotel is that their front liners are very sarcastic, rude and kind of racist!! I would suggest that they provide Customer Service and Soft Skills training to their front liners especially those assigned at the Reception The free shuttle bus which transports to all the main shopping areas in myeondong and dongdaemun, the room design, and the value for money. Overall, although the hotel is situated in some more remote area, the shuttle bus service make up for it. The baggage service area is also quite unique, offering self-service lockers for free (up to 12 hours) if you wish to deposit your luggage in the hotel baggage area after check out. Breakfast is good Reasonable pricing with large room.. Nice to have balcony and bathtub.. Very convenience to shopping by hotel shuttle bus service.. Able to put back things to hotel and come out to shop again.. Already recommended to my friends and colleagues.. Good service in shutter bus service from 8.15am to 2am.. Auto arranged we stay at level 7 - lady's floor.. Will stay again if come to Seoul.. The rooms are very comfortable. The heating was good. The staff were friendly and helpful The hotel was more than I was expecting. We had 2 rooms and they were very good. The only problem for me was the drip coffee machine had no sachets and appeared not to have been used for sometime, more for show than use. But the hotel and rooms were very clean and nice clean staff location I like this hotel ^^ Room very clean, front desk can speak English quite well, and hotel got shutter bus go to myeondong and Dongdameng Overall very good, room also quite big, this is my second time to stay here, I will continue to stay here if I visit Seoul again Location, facility, staff Found a little drop in room amenities. There is no coffee or tea provided in the room as before. If you need coffee capsule, you have to pay 2,200 won for it. The rest seems to be excellent. In downtown, clean, locker system They speak good English. Location in downtown. They have a high tech locker system to keep your luggage, feel safe. Free shuttle bus service, Convenient Great clean, staffs are nice, love the convenience shuttle bus Nice hotel” Comfortable and spacious room, polite staff” Good value hotel” Good value hotel” Convenient and comfortable ” Fantastic. Great staff. Great Value” Superb customer service !” Free shuttle ” Comfortable and relaxing stay!” comfortable stay” Stay in Chungmuro, Seoul” Good Location ” Clean,comfortable room” Good location!” Excellent” Pleasant 1 week Sray” nice hotel” Big room, accommodating staffs” Value for money” Nice location and tidy room. ” Nice room, nice staff, nice bathroom I would recommend this hotel to my friend, very worth for money. The room and bathroom very big, clean and quite. they also have a lot of travel catalogue to read and refer. Spacious room with foot massage machine,, helpful and polite staff, convenient location Our stay was great. Staff were helpful and polite. Room is spacious and clean. The location is in a quiet neighborhood but central to popular destinations such as Myeongdong, Insadong and Dongdaemun. As we are in a group of 4, taking the taxi to nearby attractions is more cost effective than taking the subway. Will stay here again. Shuttle bus for free, room condition, free water shuttle bus, room condition, free water Good location close to subway, good kbbq across the road, clean and comfortable room It was close to the subway station. Love the convenient of a hop on hop off shuttle buss connecting to Incheon airport and also all the main shopping places (Myeongdong, dongdaemun, etc) operates until 2am in the morning. Helpful staff. Big room Very helpful staff overall. Very pleasure stay. However, the staff parked our car last day. However, when we return our car in airport, we find out that there is a scratch. Because we need to catch the flight, no time to contact the hotel again Staff's willingness to help , Security & spacious room ! Despite having its lobby on the 2nd floor , they have a door man to guide us to the service elevator . Also they have a staff that has good command of english so communication is a breeze ! The security is excellent as well , with the room key being the only way to access the elevator , the floor you are in and the section where your room is . I love the fact that the rooms are actually bigger than the pics showed so for the price , it is pretty value for money . I had a family room with a balcony and despite the fact , the living area was able to accomodate 2 single bed , 1 twin bed , 1 dresser table , 1 bedside table & office desk along the room's length with spacing inbetween each mentioned furniture . It even has sufficient open space for me to fully open my 31" luggage ! The toilet is also awesome with a full-sized tub and a bidet bowl ! 1 slight negative point is the ceiling is a tad low ( I'm almost 1.8m & I hit the bathroom ceiling whenever I wash my hair so I have to slouch a bit ) . The balcony is very spacious & I suspect if you have an option you can hold your own bbq party there as well . Free shuttle, good location, safe Location, location and location!!! Great location, courteous staff, clean and comfortable room! Very convenient shuttle bus as well. shuttle bus, staff, room comfort it was a pleasurable stay. staff could communicate well and was attentive to needs, there's a shuttle bus which runs from hotel to various tourists spots and even nearest train station every hourly, it makes Travelling much easier. the room was comfortable and clean, with a laundromat for us to do our own laundry. overall, a pleasant experience The room type, location and the free shuttle service We stayed in PJ hotel throughout our 9 days in Seoul. We did not regret choosing this hotel and would recommend to our friends. 1. Staffs speak English and very hopeful. The are very polite and greets you always 2. Convenient location. Within the building of the hotel there is a 24 hr convenient store, a cafe and around it are many eateries. The hotel is situated within walking distance between two main stations which is the Chungmuro station and the Euljiro station. There is even a local market close by. 3. If that is not convenient enough, they have free shuttle service. Two different routes at different times and it is free and it is till 2am. 4. We chose the room with the floor seated dining area. Perfect for my kids. Actually we spent quite a lot of time seated at the dining area playing with the kids. Excellent room type. And best is the hotel has a laundry and internet room. We definitely enjoyed our stay. Thank you PJ hotel and Agoda. Location near to major subway station, shuttle service, value (1) clean room (2) good housekeeping (3) good breakfast Room was clean, comfortable. Housekeeping was good. Enjoyed my room. Good location, easy for us to travel around by subway! We will stay there if we travel to Seoul next time. Very comfortable! Room are tidy, staff are well trained, location are good will come back again Good Team of Staff. Clean. Accessibility. The hotel staff was courteous, helpful and efficient. Even though they can't speak English well, you can tell that they are trying their best. Hotel is clean and fixtures are well maintained. Our room was always clean and tidy when we come back from our daily outings.Shuttle bus service is helpful. If I may suggest, a dedicated shuttle to/from Chungmuro Station for the Airport Limousine Bus Stop would greatly assist with luggages. Though the Station is only 5 mins walk away, it still may not be convenient to walk with luggages in tow and it will be worse if you are travelling with small children. big room, accommodating staffs, clean room very good I like the room its so big and comfortable beddings Very good Price, Location, Service Location of the Hotel is definitely a plus point. Located right in the middle of every main tourist spot. 5mins walk from either Euljiro3/Euljiro4/Chungmuro subway exit. The hotel even provides free shuttle bus to multiple tourist spot from early in the morning up to 2am(Myeongdong/Dongdaemun/Namdaemun/etc). Luggage storage is not a problem here. The standard room even though is abit small, but the bathroom is clean and nice. A PC is also provided in the room. The service is very good and language(English/Chinese) is not an issue. Will definitely stay again if back to Seoul. Convinient, clean and efficient. English level of staff need further improvement but most of them are nice and helpful. I experienced the toilet bowl of my room is not serviceable and phoned to front desk for help, however the staff didn't understand what's the problem and requested me to go to lobby and explain the problem again which make me feel a bit sad. Anyway, reasonable price with nice place, I will definitely come again. A little bit remoter hotel but yet very nice” Premier Triple for Family with Child Good Choice ” Excellent ” Trip to Seoul ” Good hotel” Nice room with balcony.” .” Wonderful stay at Hotel PJ” Convenience ” Great Stay” Located in old neighbourhood estate ” Great location, great service” Super 4 stars” Awesome” Very good ” Good 4 star hotel” 2nd stay” The room size is very big and comfort” Value for money for a 4 star hotel” Hotel is conveniently located in old Seoul City. ” Room comfortability, hotel staff PJ hotel is a hotel little bit away from the flourishing, it is not a walking distance to Meijong. However the hotel offer shuttle bus there and also Dondaemon. We got uograded to an executive room, and it is very nice. Traditional yet very comfortable sleeping and Spacious Room. Friendly Staff that Speak English. Free Shuttle Bus We took the Premier Triple and it was a great. Shuttle bus to main shopping area was a boost, though in winter it's a nice 15 min walk to Myeongdong. Friendly staff who could speak English. I would recommend this place. Peaceful in the evening which is good. Service, comfort, location Staffs were very helpful. Location was good. Free shuttle bus provided too. Location, rooms, staff Stayed for 3 nights. PJ hotel is great! everything was near especially Myeong-dong, Dondaemun, Seoul Tower. There are 24/7 stores near by like 7/11. The room was big and even the bed. I got a double bed but looks like a king bed to me. Though I wasn't able to try their food. I'll be staying here again once I have budget to come back in Seoul. =) Clean, nice and good location Enjoy and happy the service Nice staff. Free shuttle service to tourist attractions. Overall satisfied with our stay . room comfort, staff and shuttle service Bed was huge, free shutter bus, location This hotel is near to everywhere we want to visit. Comfortable bed, good room facilities, friendly staff, good location Good location, helpful staff, clean room PJ Hotel is just about 5 mins walk to the airport bus stop and Chungmuro station. Nearby hotel with plenty of local restaurants. Hotel room is clean and tidy, and the staffs are friendly and helpful. Overall we have a pleasant stay with PJ Hotel. Location, service, comfort Stayed for 8 nights, location is fantastic. Very close to main areas, free shuttle bus as well. Service was fantastic, staff were friendly and helpful. Room was spacious and clean. Will definitely stay again. Clean , nice people n very helpful Very enjoyable ! Big Rooms, Cleanliness, and Friendly staffs I got disappointed upon arrival at the Chongmoro Station where the limousine bus dropped us was quite far from the hotel considering that it was kind of late already and my 2 grand kids were all tired and exhausted from our trip. But, had I known that I could have arranged for the hotel's shuttle to pick us up at the station it would have been easy. Overall our stay at PJ HOTEL was awesome and would definitely recommend to friends. Clean quite nice Staff friendliness, newly renovated, have balcony Love the room with balcony, it's hard to find at other hotels. Room is clean and comfortable although it is a bit small. Have free The shuttle bus service, room and staffs Room size. shuttle bus and staft is polite and helpful The room size is very big and comfortable. The staff is very polite, helpful and capable conversation in mandarin or English. Spacious room space, clean & comfort Hotel located nearby Chungmuru subway station (about 5-8 minutes walking distance). Hotel lobby located at 2nd floor, but there is an elevator on right of the hotel entrance. Room is big, clean & comfort. They provide free wifi (speed is OK) & free shuttle bus, that bring you to the major shopping areas (like myeongdong, dongdaemon, lotte departmental store..). There is a 24hours convenience store next to the hotel, so you may buy some snacks & drinks easily. Not much local restaurant you could find nearby the hotel but coffee house & fast food (burger king). There is a drinking machine at every floor of the hotel (with ice cube too). Overall is Good, and i will consider to stay here again for my next visit. Budget hotel, near to shopping, food savory heaven. Good! Will come back to this hotel in next visit to Seoul. clean,location is good,have shuttle bus” Perfect Stay at PJ” Good location, nearby two subway stations” Our 2nd visit” Great location!” Great stay” 7 Day Stay at PJ Hotel” Good stay” Ovreall good experience” PJ Hotel” Excellent for the price” Great!” Better than expected” Awesome service” very good location. great place for shopping ” Fantastic experience” Comfy Place to Stay” Very nice for Japanese” nice hotel” very good hotel with very good location” good location, near subway, clean, good staff Excellent customer service, Impressive rooms, Cleanliness Location, room size, shuttle bus Location is good, they provides free shuttle bus every hour. Room is quite big, and have drinkable water machine on every floor. Hotel provides hanbog wearing experience activity but I didn't try. Shuttle service, near airport limousine bus stop, comfortable room Easy access to Myeongdong, Dongdemun, Insadong, Nandemun ... via hotel shuttle service. Will stay there again in our next visit. Location, value for money, location! This hotel is in a great location central to everything in Seoul. It is also just off of a main street so it is a bit quieter. Good value for the money. Balcony . Room size . Bathroom great sensational extravagant marvelous stupendous Location to Public Transport, Price, Centrally located for all Attractions My 7 day stay at PJ was nice and comfortable. The room space was good and bathroom facilities were not bad either. I was travelling with my 4 year old daughter and needed some place where public transport and walking was easy. PJ was so close to their Mrt that it was so much easier for me to travel around, esp with a pram. Overall, nice hotel and will highly recommended to others who are going to Seoul. its a very clean n great hotel staff, accessable place, value for money Ovreall good experience Large sized rooms, Central Location, Helpful staff who speak English With were very happy with our stay Location, Price and Staff Performance AAA Good location. Cleanliness. Good service It was great! Near to subway... provide shuttle bus to popular places but at times waited for the shuttle and it did not come.. duration for shuttle abit long. But location was good.. service was excellent n great cleanliness.. love the plc.. we were given the lady's floor.. which meant more privacy.. i love the concept.. good.. wifi was good in the room.. overall.. great.. will stay again if im there.. :) clean, nice staff, accessible The rooms were clean and a good size. A bit of a walk from the main road but once there, transport is easy with the train and bus from airport with stops in the area. A lot of places to eat nearby as well. Awesome customer service, great bus shuttle and nice rooms Awesome stay in PJ hotel with highly attentive staff, shuttle bus is extremely convenient as it drops you at various tourist locations and hot spots. However the hotel can look into some anti slip functions in the bath tub cause it's slippery and there's no bar to hold on to to access the bathtub. location, location, location Good position, friendly staffs, clean room. Very good experience with a reasonable price. The bed, the ambience and the comfort One of the best so far 1.big room with bath tub 2. Free Shuttle bus to Myondon and Nandemon I can relax at PJ hotel every time I stay there for their hospitality and good cercumastance. spacious room, cleanliness, and friendly staff It is located in the middle of two metro stations, around 20 mins walk to myedong, good location. Hotel provides free shuttle bus to the nearby attractions, very nice service. The room is spacious, cozy and nice to stay. location, location & room with balcony excellent Short stay” Great” Thank you PJ Hotel” Good value for money” Convenient location ” Shuttle bus is the best. Location is also good” A true Shoppers' Travellers hotel” Great stay in Myeongdong” Big Room” Valued for money” Lovely hotel” Will stay here again!!” Worth spending & staying Hotel” Fantastic stay ” Big room and comfort ” Comfort room” good hotel” Good services, locations and cleanliness” hotel is good but not in good location.” Great location” Cleanliness,helpfull staff,comfortable beds. We enjoyed our stay at the hotel and found staff to be extremly helpfull and many spoke fairly good english. 1. Free shuttle service 2. Availability of water near the door to the lift 3. Comfortable and spacious room Great stay, close proximity to chungmuro station, very convenient whenever we just want to come back for a short rest. Air con worked great, the beds were comfortable and the staff were polite and friendly! 1. Good friendly staff specially the Concierge 2. Reliable transport service to Meoyongdong and Dungdaemun 3. Clean room comfortable bed Thank you PJ Hotel. I will definitely come back Staff, clean, comfortable Their breakfast is full of options, but I believe they could improve in western and healthier food. Location, staff, free shuttle The staff were really friendly and helpful. Location was quite convenient, located between 3 subway stations. There was also a free shuttle that went to Myeongdong during the day, or Dongdaemun after 7pm. However the air conditioning system did not seem to be working properly in our room, room was cool for only some of the time, but most times it was quite stuffy. Shuttle bus. Location, peice Very good. Except the air- con is bad the first two nights free shuttle, clean & good amenities, Shoppers conscious There are 4 of us so we had 2 bedrooms in one unit. Many hotels tend to overlook placing 4 sets of towels & slippers but PJ remembered it all. I was impressed the hotel knows the shoppers' travellers heartbeat......there is a weighing machine at the lobby for luggage....since its pretty common to shop alot in Seoul. Of course the shuttle service really helps to go to all the key shopping areas. Free parking too. Its also one of the many hotels that have stable wifi. Thumbs up for helping guests to be globally connected. An improvement to have a front lift for elderly people as my mum's leg is weak & she had to walk abit from the current elevator to the front porch. Will definitely be my choice hotel in Seoul! Location, Comfy beds, clean room This hotel was great. Good location in Myeongdong. We were surprised that we could see Seoul Tower from our room! It was very clean and comfortable and definitely worth staying here. Room space, free shuttle to shopping area, free water and amenities Its a bit of a walk going to the nearest subway or airport shuttle bus. Nothing great in the vicinity. Rooms size is BIG! 39 sqm for a triple room. Little things makes this a great hotel, free Nespresso Coffee, free bottle water, face mask, etc. Great with families with kids, otherwise I would suggest one that is around the city. Kind and helpful staffs Pretty amazing experience. May consider to stay at PJ hotel for people who likes to shop in MyeongDong, Lotte, and DongDaeMun. The staff was very friendly and it helped that they spoke the same language as we did. It makes for communication that much easier. The stay was great! I booked two for a party of three. The beds were very spacious and super comfortable. It took a bit to figure out the lighting but that was part of the adventure. The staff was very pleasant from beginning to end. Location was great for travel to the shopping in myeongdong. The hotel provided a free shuttle for us to get there. We decided to walk back since the hotel was so close. Would stay again for a short stay. Friendly staff, relatively close to major sites, big room with balcony! Fabulous. The immediate area is quiet, but it's so close to he subway and all the major areas. Nothing beats the quality of staff service, which was top notch. They were so friendly, very quick to attend to our needs and just ready to help in any way. 1 The shuttle bus, comfort and the cleanliness of the room The stay was fantastic and it was beyond our expectations. I would definitely return to this hotel if I were to come back to Seoul. Thank you PJ Hotel for the fantastic experience. room have a nice size , clean, save, free suttle bus , wifi excellent, good location we like PJ hotel. But No try any food there nice premium room quite far from subway station free shuttle, good location, good rooms My stay was good as always. However I think the hotel should do something about the people who use the free shuttle but are obviously not guests of the hotel. Especially at night when there would be a rush of people going back home to the hotel, the driver could at least require the guests riding the shuttle to display their hotel card. for hotel guests alone, the shuttle is already insufficient. another thing, the hotel could also make the shuttles more frequent. departure from the hotel, the shuttle is already very full. Good services, locations and cleanliness Aside from the breakfast buffets required more effort in improving the rest of the areas are good. They provides shuttles bus services to the popular shopping area which allowed me to shop till late and don't have to worry about explaining to the taxi driver the hotel location. The staffs are very friendly and will assist you in every areas they can. Cleaness, price and bedding, all is great. i am also impressed the service. The staffs are very friendly and helpful.They provided only 2 bottles of water per day but iice and hot water is at hall way The location is not so good. From the airport bus (same subway station) located is not able to see the hotel building you need google map to help finding. By the way, hotel provides hotel shuttle bus all day. First, you need to walk 600-800 m to hotel with your big baggages. On the way back, you would get a helpful carrying your stuffs to shuttle bus and directly send you to airport bus stop. It's very convenient. The room is big and all equipments and amenities are well set. I stayed here for 4 nights, bedding is so comfortable, I really love it. They provide only 2 bottles of mineral water but the hot and cold water spender machine is on the hall way. Also the ice spender machine is there too. On the distance 500-800m you can find 2 different lines of metro railway. I think it is convenience to travel by subway. Great location, good good, helpful staff Satisfied and will definitely stay there again on our next visit it is a valuable hotel” Nice Place to stay” Overall are ok” Nice hotel” Recommendable” Hotel Satisfaction” suberb!” Stayed 4 nights at PJ Hotel” Good location” nice hotel” Comfortable hotel, a bit tricky to find” Strategic Located between Myeong Dong & DongDaeMun” very clean ” Convenience and value for money.” Thrid visit” Good hotel” Great Experience” Comfort Location Value are good good good” Clean and good service” Very Good” shuttle bus, tidiness, room with balcony great, comfort and enjoy. Spacious , nice breakfast and clean Overall happy Good breakfast, comfortable room and friendly staffs Good Clean. Good location. Great staff Great location, nice customer service, with shuttle bus for famous area Nice, will come back this hotel when next Seoul visit Very accommodating staff / big and clean rooms / excellent wifi I was very satisfied staying at Hotel PJ and will definitely stay there again in my next Korea visit. I love the hotel room because it was big enough with balcony and the rooms are very clean and neat. free upgrade. free breakfast. great value! Superb! Located at Chungmuro station, exit nbr 8 from station and walk 50m. Good food at nearby hotel. If you prefer walking, it's 15 min walk to Myeongdong. Had enjoyed the stay at PJ hotel. The morning buffet breakfast had wide variety of choice and the food is good. I also enjoyed the coffee expresso. Conveniently located at Chungmuro station, exit nbr 8 from station and walk about 50m will reach the hotel. There is also good food at nearby hotel. If you prefer walking, it is about 15 min walk to Myeongdong. Alternatively there is a free shuttle or take the metro subway which is only one stop awAy from Chungmuro station. Convenient, clean and friendly staff My stay has always been good. good service, bigger room, shuttel bus comfort, cleanliness, details I've visited Seoul many times, but when my regular place in Myeong-dong raised their prices I decided to give PJ a try. I was not disappointed. The room is comfortable, in a good part of town, nice jacuzzi bath, and nice details all around. It's a bit tricky to find from the subway and the airport bus dropoff point. You go down a long, narrow alley and eventually emerge at the hotel. (I didn't try the food there, so 3 is a N/A score.) Free shuttle bus, Surrounded by 3 subway line, Value for $ Strategic Located between Myeong Dong & DongDaeMun, hotel already provides free shuttle bus to these 2 famous shopping areas. Although it takes 10 minute to walk from hotel to any subway station, it is surrounded by 3 subway line that is convenient to travel even further in Seoul. Some room are equipped with a desktop computer. A bit quiet in the nearby street, just convenient store can be found. You have to take stairs to 1/F hotel lobby during late night as elevator is closed. very clean, comfortable, room neat wonderful Location near Subway. Price reasonable. Staff is helpful. I like it and will return if rooms at similar prices. comfortable room, helpful staff, staff with good English I booked a quad room like last time we visited. As first I was given a rather old room. I therefore asked them to change to the type of room we last stayed in and they entertained our request, which I am very pleased about. I like the comfy room and beds. I also like the fact that they have shuttle bus to Dongdaemun and Myeongdong. However, the one problem with the stay is the uncontrollable shower. The temperature of the water keeps changing, it was either too cold or too hot. So throughout a shower, you would have to keep adjusting it. I hope they can get this fix as it was not a problem during our first stay. We will visit this hotel again. Location, shuttle bus, cleaness My stay was good in overal. The room was clean and spacious. However they didn't allow to have an early check-in, as they asked for extra charge to have an early check-in. I don't like this point. Other hotels always support guests to have early check-in if the rooms are available. Staff performance, cleanliness, room spacey Overall is great and value for money. Staff are exactly helpful and multilingual. Comfort Location Value I definately feel this hotel is under charged, the quality is much better than what I paid for it. Staffs are great, room is great, location is good, price is wonderful! Helpful staff, Clean, Location Overall is satisfied. We booked a triple bed room and its is comfortable and big enough to fit three of us a young man! clean, very good staffs, good location the room is very clean and very large. The staffs are very very helpful and can speak good english. it is only 5mins from the subway station. the hotel's restaurant is not 24 hours open but there are a lot of convenience stores nearby. there's a burger king and popeye's nearby. walking distance to the hanok village. Agoda-PJ Hotel, Myeongdong, Seoul” Spacious Room in the middle of Seoul City” In good location and close to shopping area ” Excellent rooms, staff helpful” Great shuttle service” great stay” excellent helpful staffs with great amenities ” good location and friendly staff” Great hotel” Recommend PJ hotel!” Convenient Location” The highlight” Good hotel ” Free shuttle bus, limousine bus, clean room” Great hotel” Best hotel for its price” One of the Best with its price” Big and clean hotel” Very spacious room and awesome stay” Nice stay @ pj” Cleanliness, convenient of location, good price 1) Upgrade to Premier Room Location clean, helpful staff,rooms spacious pleasant and helpful staff Shuttle service, good English speaking staff, good security Shuttle service was excellent & very convenient. The staff were knowledgeable and spoke good English. They responded very quickly when our TV wasn't working. Security was good too. They have a floor for families. Convenient for the airport limosine. details were well taken care. japanese style toilet seats, good quality bathroom slippers suffiicent toiletries free hotel shuttle, free WiFi and multilingual staffs Had a very pleasant stay. Room was spacious, free WiFi and water dispenser in every floor. Staffs were multilingual and helpful. good location and friendly staff nice spacey rooms with great facilities Location is pretty convenient only 5 mins walk from metro station. Rooms are spacey and facilities are great, you have pretty much every thing you need in your room. 5 minute walk to the metro. The room is spacious and clean. The staff is professional and kind. It was a pleasant experience at the PJ Hotel. I will consider to revisit next time. Friendly staff, free shuttle bus, conveniently located Very comfortable and enjoyable with the friendly staff met all my needs. Easy access to restaurants and shops. Free shuttle bus to the important location for tourist, room quality, staff was really helpful It was an awesome experience! Although it s a bit of walking from the nearest subway station as well as to myeongdong shopping streets but the shuttle bus make it all easier to reach those places. Its frequent and free! The room with korean traditional style living room was one of the highlight too. My parents love the hotel! Clean, tidy, convenient. Staff was really patient and helpful too, I asked a lot of questions since we dont use any tour guide but they re trying their best to help. Will def recommend this hotel to friends and family Location, price, service Overall is ok The hotel is ver nice, about 10 mins away from subway. The subway connect with most popular lines without additional transfer. Staff is friendly and educated. What impress me the most is a balcony. Great location, Great services, Great room, Great staff A definitely must comeback hotel if going to seoul. The room was small but perfectly design (5th floor), electronic closet, good wifi, complete accessories, even get a face mask. The staff speaks many language very well , especially the chinese girl that speak chinese japanese and english. have small busses that can take you go to near attractions until midnight. free water and ice, great hotel !! Great price, Great services, Great Room A definitely must comeback hotel if going to seoul. The room was small but perfectly design (5th floor), electronic closet, good wifi, complete accessories, even get a face mask. The staff speaks many language very well , especially the chinese girl that speak chinese japanese and english. have small busses that can take you go to near attractions until midnight. free water and ice, great hotel !! Good location to access subway line 2,3,4&5. Easy to go everywhere. Hotel free shuttle bus is provided and easy for family travel with young children.i Location and room and staff room/nespresso/free shuttle/staff It was real nice to Hv stayed in pj hotel for 5 nights, the room was great, the staff were nice, the free shuttle service was amazing! A nice and convenient hotel.” generally fine, really bad sound-proof” Cosy Hotel in Myeongdong” Value for money, friendly staff. Free shuttle bus.” Staff was polite, Free Shuttle services. ” excellent” Memorable stay” Value for money” Korea trip” Have tobacco smell” Great Hotel- Poor Internet” PJ HOTEL EXPERIENCE ” nice hotel, nice staffs” Great hotel” Great modern feel ” good price in Seoul” Good location and nice staff” Nov trip” weekend getaway” Good and free wifi, location, shuttle bus...” Convenient location, free shuttle service to shopping district, friendly staff I would definitely go back to PJ Hotel if I travel to Seoul. The hotel room is spacious, clean and comfortable. The hotel staff were friendly during our stay and also provides free shuttle services to shopping district. Another good things is, it is just 5 mins walk to the airport limousine bus service fetching us to airport. hearing people Located near subway Stat. Chungmu-ro; Free Hotel Shuttle to Myeongdong/Dongdaemen; Comfortable and spacious rooms Free shuttle bus, staff are friendly, room well kept, clean Overall superb. Will come again for sure. Free Shuttle Bus, Minutes walk to supermart, Restaurant & Bistro I had my 6nights stay at PJ hotel, the staff was friendly, the shuttle bus drop at most hotspot in Seoul, rooms has very nice view, can see seoul tower from the room that I was staying. bathroom,bed,politeness it was good, i will book this hotel when i go Seoul next time. Well equipped, clean & helpful staff Location was good albeit a little off Myeongdong. Walking will take you about 15mins. However the free shuttle bus service totally made up for it. Room was spacious, clean and well equipped with various amenities. Good location, comfortable room and helpful staffs Hot and cold water provided, friendly staff, hotel shuttle Everything was ok except for the location location, convenient, clean Room have strong tobacco smell even I have specifically requested a non-smoking room Location is really convenient, staff service is excellent Nice Room. Helpful Staff, Good Location Everything was fine, but the Wi-Fi signal was very poor for a high tech city like Seoul. clean room....safe location.....courteous staff Enjoyable stay clean, kind staffs and nice shower and bathtab Very nice hotel with free shuttle bus! Will be back when we visit Seoul next time! They provide free shuttle bus to myeongdong and dongdaemun and interval was pretty short Comfort place to stay Clean, great concierge customer service, modern amenities Overall, this s is a nice hotel in a reasonable price range. The room was small with a lack of counter and floor space. However, everything was clean and modern. The concierge were really helpful and courteous. Price, location, surrounding Excellent Staff are nice, Location is close to Metro, Very close to shopping mall area Room is large and nice. Staff are very helpful and we love this hotel so much. hotel shuttle, very spacious and comfortable quad room, good & friendly concierge service We were impressed with the spacious quad room which is huge for korean hotel standards. Room is clean. The hotel shuttle helps a lot. Received a lot of help and advice from the concierge. location, comfort, and friendly staff I work in Korea and often go into Seoul for the weekend or long holidays to play with my friends. I've haven't stayed in the same hotel twice which my 9ish months in Korea thus far. The PJ hotel was super easy to find and that's one of the main things I look for being foreign. It's in the middle of line 4 (light blue/ chungmuro) and line 2 (green / Eurijio 4). I absolutely loved my room very spacious and had many accommodations. One hugh bounus was that it had and outlet plug for my US appliances so I didn't have to look in my bags for my converter. The English speaking staff made it easy to check in and out and answered any questions that I may have had. I only stayed for the weekend but would had loved to stay longer. I'll definitely book PJ hotel again my next time in Seoul. Good wifi, free shuttle bus, centrally located Everything is well organized. Free shuttle bus loop you around the central area regularly (every 30 or 1 hour). Clean and neat. Little attention like free Nespresso in room and face mask provided. Nice and smiling staff who are service oriented comfortable!” okay okay” Warm and welcoming” Awesome Autumn” convenient hotel located in the middle of the city” Away from the mainstream but does not matter” Modern clean hotel with good wifi” comfort n clean” A very thoughtful hotel” good” comfortable stay” Good hotel service but facilities a bit old” Value for money. ” Nice Value, Great Service” Very nice hotel for good location better price ...” Great friendly staff - convenient location” Location is good ” would definitely stay here again~” A pleasant stay in Seoul” Nice clean friendly hotel with added value” hospitality comfort relaxing The room was unexpectedly comfortable. I usually feel some 'hotel like' smell in bed, but there wasn't any this time. I felt more like resting in my own bed, The people working there was nice and friendly, too. They can help in English, Japanese and Chinese (could be more...) Very good hotel! the bus service, the help on trip plans and location of hotel Okay okay Centre of the city attraction, spacious and helful staff Very nice hotel. Easy to find and centre.of everything. Excellent staff and really love the transport provided by hotel to go to other location 3mins walk to Chungmuro Station; frequent shuttle service to the popular places; staff speaks english Pleasant, comfortable and quiet. However, the aircon needs attention. location, value, and transportation I spent six nights at PJ hotel and it was a pleasant one. We took the subway from Incheon airport and stop at Chungmuro Station and get out from exit 1 to get to the hotel. They have directions on their website how to get to their hotel from each airport. It takes about 10-15 minutes walk from the station. If you have many luggages with you, I'd suggest you take the shuttle bus limousine, it will cost you more than subway 10,000 won/person, however still better than taxi. Taxi fare is really expensive here in Seoul. From the moment we arrived the staff was very helpful and friendly, they helped us with our luggages. PJ hotel is located in the middle of Myongdong and Dongdaemun area, luckily PJ hotel have shuttle bus service that runs every 15 minutes to those area, and it is easily accessible for everyone. The room was clean and good enough to rest your body after a long day exploring seoul. We took the triple bed family room, and believe me when I say the room is Huge. Other than that all the service was very good, their lobby staff speaks good english too. We took shuttle bus from Chungmuro Station exit 8 to the airport, cost us 10.000 won/person. Anyway don't look anywhere else, PJ Hotel is a guarantee place to stay if you're going to visit Seoul. 1. The size of the rooms & bathroom 2. The shuttle service to the main shopping districts 3. Eating places around the hotel Great value for money. One of the few hotels that had quad sharing. Room was big & better yet the bathroom was huge with separate shower & bath. The toilet was also separate from the bathroom. The location is off the main stream however the hotel had a fantastic shuttle service (prompt & efficient & clean) that took guests to the main shopping areas. Cleanliness, free wifi, shuttle bus to major shopping area cleanliness, room interior, hotel services we were very enjoy our stay and will comeback to stay at PJ when we visit seoul. comfortable beds / in room foot massage / friendly staff We stayed in a Aqua Room for 4 nights. PJ is a very thoughtful hotel. We found mask in the bathroom on our first day and there is foot massage machine in the room. The pillow is big, the bed is very soft, there are 2 bathroom in our room which makes the 4 of us much easier! They have ladies' floor as well, very thoughtful! shuttle bus is very convenience,staff friendly. comfortable and clean, location, helpful staff we had a great stay at the hotel. the room was spacious and comfortable. the location was near to myeong dong. the hotel provides free shuttle buses which made it very convenient for the guests. Service, in-room facilities, shuttle service The service standard is good and we have enjoyable experience in staying P J Hotel. However, the room is a bit old. I will recommend my friend to stay this hotel if visit Seoul The shuttle bus is good it brings you near main attractions and shopping area. Big room, clean and good staff. Water dispenser is in the lift Libby every floor. convenient shuttle bus, helpful staff, room size Room service , shuttle bus , good location Really friendly english speaking staff, clean and large hotel rooms The stay was great. The hotel has really helpful staff. The breakfast was so-so but location is good. 2 blocks to the green/orange line and 1 block to burger king/popeyes. The hotel shuttle was a bit too crowded for me to use but this is within walking distance to Myaendong. The hotel concierge will book all tours and transportation which is great in a city where english is not a given. The room was large by Tokyo standard and bathroom was also large. 1, location is good, close to metro 2, receptionist can speak mandarin jamapanese and English Our room was " upgraded", from 2 beds to 4 beds...., = = the staffs were really friendly + knows multiple languages (jap, man, eng), nice layout and (hair straightener, foot massager - I was on the ladies' floor though), convenient location near 3 subway st Clean and comfortable hotel with nice staff Apart from the inconvenient location, I have a pleasant stay in Seoul. Hotel staff is nice and it provides shuttle bus travel to major landmark. Suggest more frequent bus schedule from 12 noon to 6pm as 1 shuttle bus per hour seems unreasonable. Free shuttle bus to go around, friendly staff, location quite near to myeongdong Spent 3 nights there in family room and it was spacious enough for us. The staffs are friendly and very helpful. The shuttle bus was an added bonus, and they run quite often too. They also provide umbrella and raincoat when raining time , which is very helpful since it was raining when we were there. The price was reasonable and consider quite cheap for a 4 start hotel. So far we have good exprience staying here. Cheers Value for money” Very close to Mengdong, shopping center!!” good price and clean like to recommend ” good, I like it” clean and nice hotel” really awesome hotel to stay in seoul” Tired looking hotel with big rooms” Great hotel for the price shuttle bus was a great ” Great 5 nights stay with PJ !” Great hotel” A Lovely Getaway” Room & location review” New, good location ” excellent hotel in terms of location and services” Pleasant stay” Convenience, comfort and economical” nice hotel ” Very comfortable ” good” For first timer to seoul” Helpful staffs, big room, easy to get around 5 min walk to Metro, convainence to Seoul center for tourism and shopping good condition, clean, value for money good! comfortable, good for value, clean Like to stay good value and clean clean, large room, shuttle bus generally very good. just its location is in the middle of the three train station. it takes some time to walk to the station but the walking distance is acceptable. the street around are so quiet at night. but i guess it is quite safe. cleanliness, great service and free shuttle bus the hotel staff were efficient and courteous; my initial assigned room smelt of cigarette smoke so I requested for a change and was given another room immediately without much questions. the free shuttle bus was really convenient and on time, really makes it a breeze to get back to the hotel at the end of a long shopping day. also the hotel rooms were cleaned everyday with free facial masks and even a nespresso machine. for the price paid, it really was value for money! I definitely enjoyed my stay at pj hotel and won't hesitate to stay here again when I return to Seoul! Spacious rooms, free shuttle bus, friendly English-speaking staff Booked the hotel at a discount and the size of the room is huge compared to the hostel we stayed in previously in Myeongdong; so it was worth the price. The hotel isn't near any shopping area but offers a daily shuttle service that we used a lot. However, the service is limited to nearby Myeongdong, Dongdaemun and Insadong areas only- to go to other places, you need to take the subway which is accessible via a narrow alley which is about 8 mins walk. The hotel also looks a bit run down and in need of refurbishing, but it's still classy and very clean. The staff are helpful and speak English well. Tip: when you get off from the airport limo bus stop, turn into the Kia showroom into the narrow alley and just walk all the way to the end. The hotel is just across the street. Shuttle, nice staff, good breakfast buffet the pillow and bed was extremely comfortable! It was a great experience to stay with PJ for the past 5 nights after hearing people around me raving about it. Great facilities like water dispenser, shuttle buses and friendly staff service. Me being picky on beds I thought they had good pillow and bed selection! So good that I wanted to purchase them from the hotel. Truly had a comfortable stay with the free upgrade. Near subway, foods are around, value for money It was quite great staying at PJ hotel. Though the pillows aren't that comfy. staff helpfulness, room size and cleanliness, great beds! When I first arrived, it was evident that most of the staff spoke English fluently. One of them greeted us and helped us into the elevator to the lobby. During check-in, the staff continued to be friendly and helpful, providing information about shuttles to various areas. The room was great! It was listed as a double, but we got a king sized bed. It was really comfortable, bathroom was relatively clean, lots of amenities were given. The room was very nice. One issue we couldn't figure out was how to turn off the lights. We stayed for one night, but the next day, when we were supposed to check out, I wasn't feeling well. After a slight struggle, we were able to extend check out for 4 hours for a fee. Very reasonable, considering their hotel was booked full. I booked this hotel when Agoda offered a discount so the price was worth it for this hotel. I would stay here again if I could get the same price or have a little extra money to spend. Room, service and location. We book the 4 bedded room for a family of 4. Initially we thought it going to very cramp. Surprisingly, it very big. It more like a family room like a combination of 2 rooms, with space for walkway as well. We love it. The overall service of the staffs are very good as well. Location is good with free shuttle bus to many locations. There are many small restaurants around the hotel, which is very convenience. New, good location, and good value of this hotel location, service, suttle bus directions from chungmuro subway station are well indicated on the hotel's website, incl. photos and arrows showing which way to go. when you get to the hotel, the main entrance is on the first floor, with steps towards it at street level. a small conveyor belt is available to move your heavy luggage up to that 1st floor so you don't have to carry it on the steps. check-in was fast and friendly. we were upgraded to ladies's floor. the elevator only works with your room card and the same goes for acces to the floor of your room, quite safe thus. the room itself was nice and spaciously enough for two. it had a safe, a big flatscreen tv and a small desk. next to the desk were a small table and two seats. on the desk was a nespresso coffee machine, with two complimentary cups a day, voluto and ristretto. another good feature of the hotel is that there are laundry facilities on the 8th floor. doing laundry will cost you krw 2.000 (ca. us$2) and so does the dryer. detergents will cost you krw 1.000. the hotel also offers a free shuttle bus that drives every 15m around the area, incl. the subway station and some of the main tourist attractions. Location, Room, Staff Staying at PJ Hotel has made my first trip to Korea a pleasant one! I would recommend to my friends who are going. location, staff and free shutle bus I like thsi hotel but problem with AC is not working well. Especially when my visit is summer time. location, helpful staff, good price Nice room and hotel Quite good hotel and very nice big room. Ideal for family with kids. helpful,clean,free shuttle to mall nice Location , price & services are best , walking distance to major subway station and tourist area Good for family that traveling without travel agent Great hotel” Excellent!” Comfortable Stay” big room, clean. nice and helpful staff” Best value for money in the center of Seoul” sophistocated and unpretentious” Very nice hotel, good balcony for chill out. ” good” good stay” very nice” Seoul is a convenient city” Good value for the money” Nice hotel” Good to stay!! highly recommend” Cozy room, comfortable bed n pillow. ” Good hotel” Wonderful place for shopping and Korea food ” Fun, convenient, friendly staff, very clean room” It was an experience of safety and cleanliness.” good hotel in a centralised location” Location, Value, Staff Convenient located Centrally located. Hotel is very considerative by providing free shuttle bus to a few attractions nearby including Gyeong-dong, Dongtaumun etc. Room is very clean & spacious. Strongly Recommended! Free wifi, Large Bed, Free Shuttle Bus Our stay at the hotel was very pleasant and comfortable. The staff were friendly and the room was comfortable. The only drawback was that the hotel was not in the main myeong-dong area and was slightly further compared to other hotels. However, the hotel provides a free shuttle bus to make up for the drawback of the location and there is a subway station that it about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. Overall, it was a pleasant stay. premium triple room is big, clean, hotel staff are helpful, nice. Transportation is not as inconvenient as heard the room is really nice, with air purifier inside, the bathroom is huge, kids love the bath tub. Free masks and cleansing form, Aveda travel pack provided. water purifier and ice provided in the hallway. However, it would be better if the bathroom door can be locked, and if there's a swimming pool (even a small one) in the hotel. Transportation is fine, free shuttle to the shopping area, subway with walking distance Comfort, Cleaness and Location The hotel is nice with clean, big and comfort rooms. Within all the time of my stay there was nothing to complain for. I would stay there again on my next trip to Korea. The shower, the beds,the security I would use this hotel again. Reasonable distance to transportation and offers shuttles to shopping areas. Clean, Nice, Comfy Very nice hotel, good balcony for chill out. However, not exactly at MyeongDong. room, service, location perfect good location, near public transporation, it was quite pleasant stay with forigner friend. it is close to walk to Myungdong(shopping street)by foot. Also metro station is nearby, so easy to move around Seoul as well. Hotel is clean, WIFI is fast. Very comfortable, Room Big enough, very clean I stayed 5 night, if everyday have free mask provided and if including Tooth brush and shaver will be better, end up we need to buy tooth brush and shaver, most of the 4 to 5 stars hotel will provide this material, those are very basic material. for sure we will back. Thanks Jenny Wu Helpful staffClose to subwayHuge and clean room PJ hotel's staff are excellent, they are polite and helpful. I was upgraded to a 4 beds room which just out if my expectation. The room was huge and clean! Clean rooms, convenient location, and shuttle to major sights Good staff, clean rooms, and convenient location. Free shuttle to major sights are helpful. Only thing is the immediate surroundings of the hotel area lack quality restaurants. This hotel is so much nice as rooms are clean. Staff are friendly. And there are shuttle bus go to MingDong which is very convenience. Clean, with large TV and there are daily stuff provide such as mask and cotton package. I will choose it again!! staffs are helpful, free shuttle bus and the shower is good 1) spacious room. 2). Comfortable bed. 3) free shuttle to shopping area A pleasant stay. 1. Clean and nice 2. Staff are nice 3. Good shuttle service to hot spots 1. Good shuttle service2. Nice bed and pillow 3. Easy traveling Wonderful hotel, the staffs are helpful and polite ! very good location, love the free shuttle to shopping malls/areas, very clean room Would recommend the hotel to family and friends. It was a great experience especially it was our first time in Seoul. I was really glad I chose PJ hotel. Thanks very much for the great experience. This hotel provides comfort, safety and cleanliness. Very satisfactory and comfortable. Location, Shuttle Bus to various shopping and sightseeing location, friendly staff good Comfortable stay” Great place to stay in Seoul. Very helpful staff.” Up to expectations” Awesome as usual” Staff was very helpful” The hotel is fabulous ” Nice hotel and excellent service ” Good for shopping” a great value-for-money hotel” Great Hotel for Shopping” Superb, comfortable, and afforadable” Excellent ” Free and convinent shutter bus service ” Comfortable hotel with good services” This is a hotel with only good comments about. ” Great with convenient shuttle service! ” tidy and convenient hotel” Awesome stay at PJ again” The staff are very attentive and helpful. ” Comfortable bedding with excellent showers” Cleanliness,fast check in and out,helpful concierge Stay here few times feel satisfied but facing a problem is getting a taxi at night and difficulty when asking taxi driver send back to hotel. Nice room amenities specially the free coffee. Shuttle service to the city center and shopping area. Free internet. No problem checking in even when we arrived midnight. The staff was very helpful in providing information. Location, good service, well maintaned Everthing was just in place. Comfort; helpful staff; location My second stay at PJ Hotel was again very comfortable and pleasant. Upon knowing that my hubby and I were on our honeymoon, we were upgraded to the honeymoon suite, which was spacious and beautiful. The hotel's shuttle service was convenient, bringing us to the most popular shopping districts, and the hotel's staff were attentive and helpful. Definitely worth a stay. cleanliness, staff helpfulness and convenient It was a great stay especially the staff makes it better for us as they are very helpful to your needs. The room is super clean and tidy. The hotel upgrade my room to premium which is out of my expectation. This hotel is great ! The hotel is very good .. Highly recommend. Rooms clean and tidy. Near the Ming dong and there is shuttle bus taking us to some of the popular destinations. Nearly shopping centre and have many local restaurants around the hotel Staff of hotel are so wonderful service and very nice environment. Hotel is very clean Clean, shuttle bus, comfortable room I have been to Seoul many times, but this is first time to stay here. I think that I will stay at PJ hotel next time because there is shuttle bus service clean and tidy; close to the subway; staff with good English skill - Great Rooms with Wifi Luxurious room, modern, quiet I was amazed, as were my friends who live in Seoul, with the spacious and comfortable room. This would be my first choice when I return to Seoul. I have, in the past, also stayed at the Imperial Palace, the Crown, the Mayfield, the Grand Hyatt, Hilton, and Marriott. You can't beat this for the price achieved through Agoda. Location, value for money n attentive staff Fantastic...I have enjoy it very much. Staff are friendly n helpful Free shutter bus, good location, spacious room We have enjoyed our stay at PJ, the main contributing factor is the free shutter service plying btw the hotel and various shopping areas like Dongdemun,Namdemun, Myongdong, etc. Saved us some money on transport. Room was spacious with a balcony where we enjoyed the weather at the comfort of our room. Will definitely stay in PJ in our future trips. The staff is very friendly . It is easy to go to the attraction places by MRT and shuttle bus of the hotel. It's clean and the process for check,in and check,out is very fast. The location, staff service and the condition of the hotel. It was very pleasant, the staff were very attentive and the room was clean. The shuttle bus was very useful to bring is to major stops and destinations. Shuttle service to popular stops nearby; english widely spoken and displayed; modern furnished rooms great! initial location is slightly far (5min) walk from nearest subway/airport limo but the shuttle service more than makes up for it. Staff are prompt, efficient and speak good english (pretty sure they speak good Jap and Chinese too based on interaction with other tourists). shuttle bus; receiption; cleaness attentive staff, good location, clean rooms two words: affordable and comfortable maybe as compared to myeongdong hotels, the location isnt that fantastic but with the shuttle bus service available almost every hour, im happy to choose this hotel again (this is my second time staying here) The shuttle bus is definitely a plus point and helps to save a significant traveling cost! Nothing to complain about, the room was great and the staff are friendly. Loop bus, friendly staff, shower Lovely, central, affordable hotel.” will recommend to friends, actually already done ” superb” The size of room is unexpected big,clean and tidy” Great hotel, location is not ideal” Very convenient.. Definitely a value-for-money!” It is rather convenient.” The room are clean & comfortable” Clean and Comfortable” Superb all in one hotel” Enjoy and Relaxing” I will recommend this hotel to my friends” Additional charges for early check in ” Excellent location!” Just right for 3 family members, all adults” shuttle service of hotel is awesome perk” Comfortable room and easy access to airport” Centrally located, great breakfast, friendly staff” shuttle bus go to sight seeing point” Clean and spacious rooms” Clean and well presented interior, friendly and helpful staff, great value for the central location with multiple subway stations servicing multiple different lines 2,5 minutes walk away. Excellent overall. The location, while very central, is in an older and quieter part of town. clean, comfortable, convenient nice,good facilities, good service clean room, good staff nothing to regret, worth for money Room,locaton and convience The size of the room is big,comfortable and enjoyable. Cleanliness, Good Hotel Staff and nice Restaurant My wife and I checked in to a non smoking room, but the room was very smokey. We went downstairs to tell the staff and they quickly upgraded us to a much nicer room. The staff were very kind and understanding. I noticed that the staff all spoke perfect English, while some spoke fluent Japanese and Chinese as well. The hotel is very nice, but is not centrally located. The hotel does provide a complementary shuttle bus service to the main destinations in Myeongdong however (Namdaemun Market, Dongdaemun Market, the center of Myeongdong (shopping area)). Its a great hotel, Id definitely recommend it (also the subway is very close by) Clean room, reasonable rate, close to subway station Very pleased with my choice to stay at this hotel! First, it has a reasonable room rate and second, it is located 5-min walk away from the subway (Chungmuro Station). Definitely a choice for business travellers who need to leave early in the morning to the subway. Not much entertainment around the hotel (a few small restaurants and mini markets) but if you are in Korea for a business then this is the place to stay! The shuttle bus can go to the main spots. The price of the hotel is extremely reasonable. And the staff are nice! We enjoyed living there because the room is very clean and spacious. Shuttle bus to shopping district, near to shopping area & very accessible I am satisfied with my stay at PJ hotel. The staffs are friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is good. The hotel provide shuttle bus service to shopping district. Subway stations are nearby. Direct bus service bus stop to airport is near as well. In general, this hotel is good. But the set back is that it is situated near bars and karaoke places which is a bit isolated. Comfortable, near metro rail train station, free shuttle service I love that this hotel offers free shuttle service from morning until night time. The rooms are clean, spacious and comfortable. Location, free shuttle bus service to shopping area, PC in room Had a 4 night stay here. Shuttle bus was every hour up till 3 or 4 am to the shopping district like myeongdong and dongdaemun, very convienient although a bit confusing on where to wait for the shuttle bus from the shopping district back to the hotel. Subway is about 10-15mins walk, could be a little dark to walk back to the hotel alone at night. A fried chicken stall was open till page night near the hotel, very delicious supper! Room was clean but could be a bit squeezy. There was a lounge on my floor with a printer, and a water n ice dispenser, all complimentary. A convinience store is located at the ground floor. Staff was friendly and efficient. Overall a very good value for money hotel especially if you are in seoul to do shopping. THe location, the room and the security. The room is very nice to stay with. Relaxing and Service is good. friendly staff, spacious and clean rooms, free wifi at every room awesome! Good shuttle bus service We reached Seoul at 11pm from Busan. As we request for early check in additional fees was required. We drop our bags and go to the near by Jjimjilbang for the spa which is more valueble, Back to the hotel, room is ready for check in. BUT our room air con isn't functioning! Helpful staff upgrade us to their triple room with a tatami in the room. Every room come with nespresso is bonus. We enjoy the shuttle bus service provided which is very convince for us to reach those tourist area. Excellent location! Near 2 subway lines, you could pick either line 4 or line 2. Apart from taking train, you can take hotel shuttle bus. It runs every 15mins in morning time. The shuttle bus route covering most of the site seeing locations, e.g. Mengdong, Lotte department store, DongDaMeng... as well as subway stations. Besides shuttle bus, the facility services are excellent! It provides distilled water dispenser on every floor, with ice dispenser. You can choose to boil water by yourself, or get it at lobby of each floor. In addition, staff there are super nice and helpful! I will definitely recommend PJ hotel to my friends! P.S. A 24hours convenience store just next to the Hotel Clean hi-tech toilet . Clean room . Free shuttle Excellent! except that it's one subway station away from Myeongdong shopping district. Good thing there's a free shuttle ride that stops at tourist spots every 30min/1hr, that includes Myeongdong. Although we had to take taxi cabs when we felt tired waiting for the shuttle after shopping/sightseeing. Taxi is affordable, around 5,000 - 10,000 KRW from and to hotel to different popular touristy places in downtown Seoul. Hotel guests were from Japan, Europe, China, Thailand, Philippines. clean, free water, free shuttle good stay in pj hotel. room was very clean and modern, free face mask on first day, free nespresso machine (but a bit odd that there was no cream, just sugar). just take the airport shuttle to the hotel then walk a small alley way then you are in the hotel, just US$10, as opposed to if you take taxi then will be US$74. there is a free shuttle service that takes you to major shopping areas. no late check out request for free though. if you want late checkout, it is US$42.30. but all in all a good hotel. Comfortable room, free shuttle bus to major attractions Comfortable room with jacuzzi and hotel provides free shuttle bus to major attractions such as myeongdong, dongdaemun, etc. There's also a direct bus limousine to the airport which is about 10 minutes walk from the hotel. Free shuttle services, friendly multilingual staffs, great breakfast Pleasant stay in a clean and centrally located hotel especially the shuttle services and free wifi. Staffs are friendly and able to communicate both English and Mandarin. Value for money with big space room that come with a balcony as we had 3 single bed for a family of 3. Nesspresso coffee in room. good location , passion staff, comfortable room overall is good, only one thing is the toilet pump water very slow,hopefully will improve next time . Location, clean and friendly staff Excellent, shuttle bus available, easy assess to major shopping areas Comfortable and close to transport links” Amazing big comfortable room!” Low-end 5star hotel” Feel great for travelling in Seoul” Great value, Great staff” Great hospitailiy from PJ Hotel!” Convenient, fast to go home to & peaceful to rest.” Quick flyby tour of Seoul's highlights” It was pleasant and it is where i want to be. ” Easy access. Free shuttle. Nice staff :) ” Great Hotel for travel! ” Very clean and pleasant stay” Clean & Good Location” Great staff and location” My returning stay of this hotel” Nice Hotel” Clean and big room” good location, have shuttle bus” centrally located and friendly staff” Great place for business travellers” Comfort, location and service We were lucky to get a very good last minute deal. The comfortable room and selection of toiletries were brilliant. Location was good for 3different subway routes, all about 5 mins away.coffee and places to eat all close. Staff very attentive and helpful. Shuttle bus excellent. Would stay again if the deal was as good or we could afford it! Location, cleanliness and bed comfort PJ Hotel is centrally located, only a 5-min walk to the closest subway station. The room is spacious, clean and comfortable. Nespresso coffee, water, bath supplies even face masks are included. location, cleanliness, quiet surroundings Stayed here during my last 3nights in Seoul. Supposedly a 5star hotel, but my parents think at most 4stars. It's probably a low-end 5star hotel given that I paid t for a 3-bedder room. Location wise, somewhat near Myeongdong but not within walking distance. Hence, hotel provides free shuttle service which runs at least every hour until 2am. It goes to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun/Namdaemun. I only sat on it once, limited seats available so be there 10mins earlier at lobby to grab a seat. Otherwise, main form of transport is taxi, pricing reasonable Hotel room is long, with 2TVs. Also has dressing area with tabletop. Provides a coffeemachine, 1free capsule a day per customer. Has a wardrobe, safe, fridge, hairdryer. Water and ice dispenser available in front of lift. Slippers provided. Bedsheet looked ugly, and they dont change the sheets daily. Has bathtub, toiletries provided. Buffet breakfast in hotel (not provided when i booked room), Menu is exactly the same for 3days :( If your aim is to stay in a 5star hotel, give this a miss. There are definitely better 5star hotels elsewhere. Rooms are tidy and clean, easy access to the airport, near to the shopping areas Very cordial and helpfull Staff, Very clean and comfortable rooms, Room terrace set up for smokers. Near to 2 subway,free shuttle service to major shopping district,attentive staffs Excellent guest service from hotel staffs,able to communciate in english fluently. The rooms are cosy and large comfy bed is perfect after a whole day of tour. Free shuttle bus service to Myeondong,Dongdaemun,Gwangjang market etc.. most of this attractions are just 15mins away bus ride from PJ. centrally located, not expensive, & good room/service Our stay was good. We arrived on an early morning & we check out on an after midnight time. Both times the front desk was very helpful. During our stay, when we request something from over the phone, its on our door within 3 minutes. And our room is quite spacious & comfortable. Front desk staff were very friendly and knowledgeable; the location is great; Good for the solo international (non-Korean-speaking) traveler I enjoyed my stay at the hotel. It was easy to get to (though the approach road through narrow bylanes from the airport shuttle dropoff point was a bit confusing and smelly). The location is great for shopping fans - close to Myeong-dong, Namdaemun, Dongdaemun. Not that far from the subway lines (line #4?) to get to other places, including Seoul Station. I honestly didn't go that far from the hotel in my couple days in Seoul. The front desk were very friendly, knowledgeable and conversant in English. One of them helped me reserve a ticket for the NANTA show at the MyeongDong theater (so-so show). There's an ATM just outside, including a Global ATM station (that takes foreign debit cards). My room was clean and comfortable. Not a great TV channel selection - only 2 stations with English programming (not counting the kids' channels). Nice Clean and huge Very comfortable they even serve nice coffee in the room and face masks Easy access. Free shuttle. Nice staff :) For the first time guest, let me clear it up. This hotel is not situated in myeong dong. You need to get off from chungmuro station, go to exit 8, then turn left in kia motor, then keep walking passing the lane way, then you will see the hotel. Besides, free shuttle bus is available to myeongdong, lotte dep store, nam dae mun, etc. its also completed with safety box, fridge, coffee machine( the good thing is they provide coffee capsule everyday for each person) Good for smoking traveler, great balcony, big room and good service There are no airport transporation service but Hotel located at two station of MRT, very easy for traveler. Clean, efficient room service and nice balcony Apart from walking distance to the train station on tired shopping legs, everything about the hotel was great. Avoid their breakfast though. Otherwise room is v clean, fast room service, free shuttle available to major nearby shopping area. Location, Nice Staff, Cleanness Location, staff, price I was impressed with customer service in PJ Hotel, the staffs are friendly and easy to talk. Also, the location is close with public transport and other area to shopping and visit in Seoul. Shuttle service is useful. clean, comfortable, friendly staff It was my returning stay, it was great, but as mention previously. Location is a little far from metro exit. and the suburb isn't very poshy. Decent price however and still would recommend to people who are budget conscious yet wanting to stay in a comfortable hotel. (1) Free Shuttle Bus (2) Friendly Staff (3) Free Facial Cleanser & Masks Was on business trip during my first leg of this Seoul tour. Took a while for us to orientate to walk to the hotel from the Airport Limousine Bus Stop. But friendly locals along the way managed to guide us to the hotel fast. Like the fact that they have a luggage travellor next to the staircase so we wont need to drag our luggage up ourselves. Had accidentally booked a Twin Bed room and called reception to ask for a change. Was surprise when Mr Lee came up by himself bringing along the key to another Double Room and explained to us elaborately the difference of these 2 rooms. We were allowed to choose which room we wanted. Really surprised and made us feel very welcomed. The rooms were nice and clean. The 2 different free shuttle bus routes were good for us. We took the railway a few times as well as. They are all within walking distances. Clean big room and reasonable price. My room got upgrade from twin bedroom to quad bedroom. The room is huge with big space, lovely dining corner, big walking closet and large bathroom. The hotel is clean and New but somehow heard that the top of the hotel used to be a famous pub in the past. After the renovation, there is no any feeling of pub anymore which is good. The surrounding area is a little quite and not very clean but ok for just stay and leave the hotel to anywhere by Taxi. Just around 2-3 USD for the Taxi to Myeong Dong in the late night (don't know how much will it be when the traffic is bad) good wifi for the room, shuttle bus and the room is large size compare with the price near the hotel have mini-store, restaurant, good wifi and the shuttle bus service near main visitor points clean, friendly staff and free shuttle bus This hotel is located in between 2 subway stations. Free shuttle to tourist shopping areas. clean hotel and friendly staffs. Friendly staff, comfortable room and great room service I'm so impressed with the quality of this hotel that I've decided to place an extension on my existing period of stay. As I've found out later in my stay, the orient-style restaurant of the hotel carries very good food at quite reasonable prices. The surrounding area of the hotel, though lacking any tourist-attractions, are filled with Korean bars and restaurants that carry great food and atmosphere, suitable for group gatherings. The hotel rooms are also equipped with various amenities to make guests very comfortable, including various facial and skin care products, the ice machine and hot and cold water dispensers located on each floor are a very welcome sight. All in all a great hotel! Extremely good hotel and value for money” Central, easy access, airport transfer” Very fast and efficient” comfortable” Comfortable and very friendly staff” 5-star hotel with amazing service” convenient, free shuttle bus is a plus factor, ” Pleasant.” very good for the price” Value for money with surprise” Short and comfortable” Seoul, a shopping city” superb, ekstraordinary :)” best ever I stay in seoul” free shuttle bus to downtown” A great hotel with good location and clean room” A good place for shopping” Clean, convenient, and a bargain.” Reasonable Hotel ” it was great” Friendly staff, comfortable rooms, great room service Whether for business or pleasure, this is a great hotel to stay in. The staff are very friendly and fluent in english, a plus for foreigners in Korea. The rooms are very spacious with every imaginable amenity in a high quality hotel. The spacious bathrooms and attached balconies and sitting areas are especially good points for the hotel. The only downside is that there are not really any tourist attractions near the hotel. Guests would need to use taxis or get to the nearby Euljiro Sa Ga metro to get to other locations, though getting to them is only a short walk away. All in all a great place to stay. Cheap, business and transport Fine.. no problem at all. Enjoy my business.. Good location for travel via airport. Good transit hotel. Also for conference and becoming enjoying to be here.. Lot of entertainment.. night life.. The city never sleep.. Like New York.. People very friendly.. service, location, efficiency nice room, convenient and good service 5 min on foot to metro station. clean and comfortable room. Best location, great shuttle bus route, Pleasent and enjoyable stay.i would share these hotel with my friend and family, Service (shuttle bus, concierge, etc.), fast wifi, comfortable room I requested for early check-in (about 10am) but they didn't allow us, though they did keep our luggages. We came back at about 1:30 and they finally allowed us to check-in. I got the "flash red deal" from Agoda so I was expecting to have a small room. But, the hotel staffs were so nice that because we are staying for 9 days, they gave us a free upgrade to a bigger room. The room was considered big for a city hotel. Very clean but there are some signs that the hotel has been used before but it's not much. Bathroom was big and clean. The beds were big and very comfortable. Room was full of amenities such as fridge, cups, mugs, plates, discount coupons and even your very own nespresso machine (super plus points). They even have a water and ice dispenser on every floor. The lobby and walkway looks amazing. One problem is that it's hard to control the room temperature. The wifi is really fast though we did have problems connecting with it on the last few days. The business center was also good and printing was free. In terms of service, 5-star. Staffs greet you everytime they see you, front desk people were very helpful and nice. The room is always very clean everytime we come back in the afternoon. I think most staffs can speak fluent Japanese and "conversational" english which is fine. The location was a little bit far from Myeongdong but they do offer a free shuttle service. though It would be better if they have a service to seoul station, especially those who are travelling via AREX to the airport. The hotel location is a little bit far from the shopping center but there is an underground walkway connecting euljiro 3-ga station and euljiro-1ga (myeongdong area). The walk would be about 15-20 minutes. It's long but there are coffee shops and some stalls in the undeground walkway. There's not much shopping near the hotel but there are coffee shops and convenience stores. There are also chicken shops and korean street food at night. free shuttle bus, large room, free wifi very good. will consider again the next time I visit Seoul. staff who speak marginal English. Overall, pleasant. Would be better if the staff was more accommodating when we requested for a late check-out by an hour. Request was rejected flatly despite our 8 day stay. big rooms got nice porch, great coffee machine inside, very modern and clean Nescafe Coffee Machine, Hugh Room, Stable Fast internet The stay is great with lots of surprise. The staff are friendly and able to speak English fluently. Our premium triple room is big with a walk in closet area. The toilet has its bath tub or the standup shower with automatic cleaning toilet seat. 3 pieces of face masks are ready for your own relaxation. A door to separate the mentioned areas and the bed area. Pillows and duvets are clean and give you one a filling of warmth wrapping and support. It has a little korean style sit on the floor area for simple and casual dining. Free 3 bottles of waters and 3 coffee capsules per day to freshen up once in the morning. 2 TVs in the room in total, you won't miss a single second if you walk around in the room. Close to convenience store, easy access for taxi We have to pay for early check-in even though it's already 12 in the afternoon Shuttle buses, english speaking staff and clean room It was very cosy. Staff was warm and courteous. Convenience stall was very near the hotel and shuttle buses provided easy access to the shopping areas. cleanliness, friendly staff, fast service superb n amazing... speakless... :) wanna invite my friends when we go to there again n have fun in seoul... hope when I bring a friends get cut price for me to stay there... :) attitude staff, service and cleanliness superb... I'm not make wrong decision to choose this hotel :) I'll go again with my friends.. c u at seoul :) free shuttle bus and tour informaiton great hotel. it offers free loop line shuttle bus to main shopping places, it close to the airport shuttle bus station and subway station. there is convience stores around. Location, Big and Clean room and Helpful staffs PJ hotel is a five stars hotel situated just 5mins drive away from Myeong dong. The staff in the hotel speaks good English and they are helpful. The room are big and clean and its value for money. On the down side, the Airport limousine does not stop infront of the hotel but in front of the Chumuro Station which is 7-8 mins walk away. however in order to compensate this problem, the hotel provide complimentary shuttle service for their guest to Chumuro statiom, Myeong Dong Namdaemun etc etc. clean, easily access to subway, room is big clean and tidy hotel. staff are nice and helpful. Location of hotel is good as it is close to subway station and airport bus. The service, room size, and price were great! The staff were fluent in English and very helpful translating. Plus, we requested a city view and were accommodated. Finally, the price was excellent! The hotel have the free transportation to the tourist attractions. The hotel staffs is very helpful and friendly. Wifi is surrounding at the lobby Hotel is widely known by the taxi drivers and is 15 mins walk from the Myengdong area. It is very big and spacious to sit around the lobby and enjoy the fast Wifi service on offer. The room is generally clean with balcony and the washroom is big. The staff are very friendly and helpful. It was a comfortable stay. The hotel is surrounding the food restaurant and coffee house. The best things of this hotel is cover with free transportation to the tourist attractions. efficientcy clean and friendly it was great,best value of money. the booking was full so I even go my room updated Great stay and good customer service!” Very pleasant stay” Outstanding!” Value for money and nice staff.” Good” good stay....” Good value for money - business hotel ” Good Value” wonderful- 2nd time to visit- no problems” Value for Money” Comfortable ” PJ Hotel Couples Stay” Pleasant stay with big rooms and clean bathroom” Awesome location, frequent free shuttle bus!” Nice,clean and big room” Good hotel, very convenient in location” Good hotel” Great Stay” Enjoyable Stay” AWESOME STAY ” Hotel Shuttle Service, clean rooms & helpful staff Hotel shuttle service was able to bring us to several places of interest in Seoul and it runs till 2am, which is good news for late night shoppers. Staff was able to assist us on a few of our inquiries in English. It was also a 10 min walk near Chungmuro station. But if you are lazy, you could also take the shuttle bus service which also drops you off at that station :) Would definitely go back to stay in the hotel! Clean and spacious room Customer Service, Design/ Layout, Price It was like any other stay at an expensive hotel, but at a not-so-expensive price. The staff came across as genuinely kind and benevolent. They were very down to earth, yet high-class. Also, they spoke English exceptionally well. All it was missing was tooth brushes. Large room size (Seoul hotels usually are very small). Nice and helpful staff. Shuttle bus to shopping and sight seeing areas (two routes with different serving time slots). My family find the rooms (Premier Twin and Twin) clean and comfortable, particularly with a size much larger than expected (those who have had experience staying at Seoul hotels shall know. Though we only tried its buffet breakfast once and ate out for most of the occasions, we find it value for money, though with not many varieties. Staff are generally helpful, nice and able to communicate in English effectively. With shuttle bus services (two routes serving at different time slots) going to the shopping/eating-out areas e.g. Myeong-dong, Insadong shall satisfy most people's shopping/food appetite. Subway Chungmuro Station and airport bus (Route 6015) is within walking distance (within 3-5 minutes). If you choose to go for your shopping and sight seeing by subway as the core transportation means, PJ Hotel won't be a bad choice. Local shops and small supermarkets nearby shall fit your needs for soft drink, snacks and even local foods as well. Given its price, service (staff, good WiFi, minibar, safe...etc.) and location, PJ Hotel is considered to be value-for-money choice. Good service, location and comfortable theres shuttle bus, hotel service person are nice and walking distance It's not near to any shopping places but good thing is there shuttle bus services. Spacious room/ comfortable bed/ the room has most things that you need (coffee port, water, .... but no mini bar) They upgraded my room to a larger room. I think that PJ is a very good hotel (my evaluation: room: 4 - 5 star, lobby: 3 - 3.5 star). Good value for money. While I was a little disappointed with the entrance and lobby, after one night of stay, I was very satisfied with the room and amenity. In short, I felt like a home. I will definitely come again. Pro: spacious and clean room, full bath, free shuttles to shopping areas (Myungdong and Dongdaemun). 1 km away from Myung Dong (15 mins walk to Myungdong) Cons: the hotel is located in an old building areas. While the room was spacious and nice, the lobby and entrance are not like a four star hotel, the registration area was crowded due to many wedding events. Good location, good service and close to Metro Station / Airport Bus Station We were so happy for the free upgrade as our fast impression of Hotel PJ. We booked 3 beds'room for 3 adults, and the staff upgrade us to family suite on Ladies's floor. What the big Christmas's gift! 4 beds, a huge bathroom and individual make up room. 4 masks in first day, so sweet :) Just a little black dot during the stay, due to the piping problem, the water from the bathroom cannot be went through properly. The staff was very helpful to clean up the wet floor and make it work again. I highly recommend this hotel to others, it close to the 2nd station for the Airport Bus as I saw some people have to wait for a long line after Myeong. And I would like to say if Hotel PJ will consider to build up a escalator rather than that stairs when you back to the hotel after walk along 1/2 of Seoul for all day long, it would be Perfect choice in Seoul! location is easy to find, close to subway, huge room for Asian standards at cheap price Great- no problems- got a discount price through agoda. Shuttle buses were great for going to myeong dong and dong dae mun. Great location. Location, Staff Friendliness and Free WIFI My experienced of staying in this hotel is great. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They will translate the destination to Korean language whenever you ask for the cab. The room is comfortable and clean. Convenience, Service and Clean Staff is all English speaking and helpful. Free Shutter is available to shopping street. Hotel is clean and comfortable. Free WiFi good for communication and business. This is a value for money hotel. Heated floors, big and clean bathroom, modern facilities and design Short stay with no issues. Staff were helpful when asked what activities to do in Seoul close to the hotel. Room was spacious and had heated floors and robes convenient location, big room, free shuttle service Friendly Staff, Great Location, Convenient Shuttle Bus It was a great experience, the hotel location is awesome, near Myeong-Dong and Dongdaemon, the shuttle bus is a great convenience. I would like to recommend this hotel to my friends. Good Service, near to myeongdong, comfortable Hotel to myeongdong is only 15 minutes walking distance. location, transportation, service location. transportation, service Nice big room with small dinning area. This is my second time staying in this hotel. Still good and comfortable. Our kids simply loves this hotel. That's why we returned. Although they should let early client check in at 12pm instead if 2pm as most asian flight to seoul reached here by 9am. Extremely friendly and helpful staff, fast internet, Home away from home. It was fantastic. We read good reviews thus we chose this hotel. We stayed for 9 nights and every day was an enjoyable one. The hotel staff gave their best service. We were greeted daily without fail. Hotel staff could speak English (and some could speak in Mandarin) and we didn't have any problem asking for direction. There is a free shuttle to convenient drop-off points. Walking distances to 2 train stations. We also enjoyed the local eateries across the street. Will definitely be back again. But I have to emphasize that the area surrounding the hotel are rather old shop houses. Nevertheless, the area is safe. Thank you so much for making our stay an enjoyable one! Large room, comfortable, helpful staff It was great. There was shuttle bus to bring us to shopping area (although we didnt really have the chance to use it). Nearby the hotel there is a Korean restaurant with very friendly staff and AWESOME food!It is just a 5 minute walk from Chungmuro station. Love the room. It's huge with free face masks! Theres cute little tea pots and coffee maker too. There is also a small balcony. Overall, the stay is just very comfortable! :) Very nice rooms” 6 wonderful nights ” Great cosy hotel” Enjoyable. Fuss free. Accessible.” Nice hotel difficult on foot” great location and quite” Excellent hotel with excellent staffs” nice place to visit” Hotel with friendly staff ” we like this Hotel overall” Excellent and comfortable” Relax, comfortable n romantic” comfortable stay ” Excellent hotel ” Excellent value for money” My second stay at this hotel proved worthwhile” Good experience for traveling” The hotel is great. ” Excellent hotel in a good location” Big room with good balacony” Room - Location - Staff Excellent relation between value and quality. Rooms are very well decorated a and the size is huge! 1. Clean 2. Big and Child Friendly Balcony 3. Shuttle Bus to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun A clean and comfortable room with 3 single beds. Big and child friendly balcony. There is no aircon in winter but we were able to open the balcony door for the cold air to come in which is much better to aircon. The staff were friendly and helpful. Fast check-in and Check-outs Free shuttle bus to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun. Easy access to subway station line 2. A short walk from the airport bus 6001 stop from Best Western Premier Kukdo from Incheon or Gimpo Airport. There are many korean family restaurants around the hotel. We tried one of the BBQ restaurant and it was good. Will definitely go back to PJ Hotel if I return to Seoul and I will definitely recommend PJ hotel to those on free and easy. Clean and comfortable room, free shuttle service to the Myeongdong shopping district and spacious toilet Had a great stay at the PJ hotel. The rooms were cosy and clean with all the needed amenities. Was easy to get around with the free shuttle service. The nearest subway station os also relative near (300m walk). PJ Hotel has met and even exceeded my expectations. The staff were friendly and attentive. They were able to speak various languages and were patient to requests. Will definitely come back. Clean, friendly, location The stay was pleasant. We needed just the beds as we were meeting people the whole day! However, it was nice to be back at the hotel after a busy day of eating and meeting friends. The hotel is about 3 minutes walk from the Chungmuro station, if you know the way. After you exit from Exit 8 you have to take a left into a lane that looks like its not going anywhere. Similarly, when you want to reach the station from the hotel, you need to ask a staff for direction. Its simple, but the location of the hotel is such that unless you know it it is difficult to reach it! quite and great location with shuttle bus; reasonable price; awesome toilet facilities The automatically toilet facilities were great! Clean and up to standard room. Staff with great service and knowledge. I can travel with shuttle bus very convenience! It was not a high season when travelling, very reasonable price! Staffs, location, wifi My stay in PJ hotel was excellent. The staffs spoke English and the shuttle bus are nice but they only cater one hr per shuttle bus, and u have to go down earlier to prevent the bus full. Airport access to the hotel is even better, just 10,000won from airport to hotel. I would like to recommend travellers to stay in this hotel. nice,easy to communite, clean and confortable clean and nice place to stay. If I go to seoul again I will choice PJ hotel. Friendly and Attentive Staff, Location, Free Shuttle Bus The Hotel is located near several subway exit, our favorite subway exit is Euljiro Sa(4)-Ga because it is the loop line and only one station to Dongdaemun Market. The Hotel Staffs are very Friendly and Helpful with English Speaking(maybe one of the best in our journey through Seoul). Hotel also provide free shuttle bus to go to nearby shopping area (Including Dongdaemun). The Room is ok with comfy bed. There are delicious korean style BBQ restaurant near the Hotel. Nice facility, good location and good value. We found it comfortable, convienance location. The neighbourhood is bit messy but is safe. Good value for their facility. Enjoyed their breakfast with good value. Staff speak English, no problem. Free shuttle to Myeong Dong, Dondaemoon, Lotte Departmental shopping Center. This was 2nd time I stayed at PJ Hotel. I stayed at PJ Hotel in Oct when I was there for business meetings. I like the location and comfort of this hotel. Relax, comfortable n romantic comfortable room,fast internet,near public transport,great staff and free shuttle to shopping area and mrt station Comfortable stay at this hotel big room,free internet nice bath room near public transport and free shuttle to mrt station and shopping area Incredible big size room, awesome service and communication in English, Good bed for sleeping. Convenience shuttle bus. I will recommend to stay this hotel if you visit Seoul. Close to Seoul shopping areas, spacious room, friendly staff We booked a double bedroom for 3 nights and we got an upgrade to family room upon checking in. The room has a double bed and a twin bed. It has a Japanese style podium for living room area. The cloak area is big. The beds are comfortable. The only pet peeve is that they don't provide tooth brush and tooth paste. My friend needs to buy it from the convenience store nearby. However I think it is a common practice for every hotel in Seoul. The hotel is located in downtown Seoul. It is 5 minutes walk from either one of the 3 metro stations in the vicinity. The hotel provides free shuttle bus to Myeong Dong and Dong Dae Mun but we didn't take it. We had a very pleasant stay in the hotel. size of the room, comfort of the room, complimentary shuttle This is my second booking for this hotel. I had previously stayed there a week ago (my previous booking done via expedia), and decided to return to this hotel as I have enjoyed staying there so much. I stayed in room 709, on the ladies only floor. Once again the room was spacious with two twin beds. Complimentary facial products were given daily. These included facial masks, facial wash foam, a bath sponge, cotton swabs, cotton pads for mascara remover, etc. as well as soap. I always requested more towels, and more towels were given. Shampoo, conditioner, body wash in a dispenser (but I use my own). Large bathtub with a large sink vanity. Bathrobes and slippers are provided. Free in-room wifi, fast and reliable. Big balcony, sitting area on the balcony as well as in the room. Very comfortable bed, bigger than standard twin. Great service by all staff working there. I felt clean and safe staying at PJ. Complimentary shuttle throughout the day to shopping areas and points of interest. 1. Big room space; 2. Despite the hotel is not located in city town, but the shuttle bus can cover it's shortcoming; 3.High speed free wifi and 2 cups of Nespresso cafe for free. Great staff, Great Room, Great shuttle bus service Overall experience is great. I love their shuttle bus service. I tired the hotel restuarant and the food is so so. Large Rooms, Close to airport limousine bus stop, Free Shuttle to tourist attractions We stayed at PJ Hotel for 3 days and 2 nights. We arrived at Incheon airport at around 9 P.M. and reached the hotel around 10:30 P.M. Check-in was fast and efficient. We were given a non-smoking room at a high floor. Our room was extremely big with 1 king size bed and 1 single bed. Was extremely happy because we have our own Nespresso machine inside the room so I could have coffee anytime of the day or night. The hotel provides free shuttle on an hourly basis to many famous places and attractions until 2:00 A.M. Very useful and saves you the hassle of taking the taxi or subway. The bathroom was great as the water pressure in the shower was very strong. Free wifi inside the room and all common areas. Wifi speed was super fast. Bed was very comfortable and so nice to sleep on. Only complain was that the air-con inside the room can't be controlled even if there is a digital switch on the wall. Temperature inside the room was somewhat hot (hotel i think set it to 27 degrees celsius) although the temperature outside was down to around 9 degrees celsius at the time of our stay. Security is also very good as you need to tap your key card in the elevator before you can choose which floor you will be heading to. Overall, PJ Hotel is a great hotel and I would surely recommend it to everyone. big room, good service, lady floor We are living in the lady's floor, the room is spacious and clean. It is very big with a very nice balacony. We can sit and chat in the balacony with beer and snacks, which is fun. The staff are also helpful. There is shuttle bus to go to the shopping area every hour till 2am. Big & clean room” Comfortable” recommended hotel” recommended hotel” Comfortable hotel with shuttle service.” staffs are friendly and comfit room” One night stay” Excellent, Awesome, Worth the price” awesome, comfortable, 5 star hotel” Fantastic and comfortable” OK to good hotel” Awesome, will be coming back for sure” A Wonderful Surprise” A large size room for the family” comfortable and convenient” A nice comfortable haven ” Value for money” Comfortable stay with central location ” Recommended” Good location but some caveats” big & clean room, good services We are upgraded to a family suite, which is very spacious as compared to other hotel room in Seoul. The service of the hotel is good. However, the hotel is located in an old area and need 10 mins walk from the subway, which is quite far away with our big luggages. Clean & comfortable room, fast internet, good location near sub-way station. clean, comfortable & convenience clean & comfortable room with great balcony; caring facilities such as coffee maker & free facical mask; 5-min walk to metro station clean, comfortable & convenient clean & comfortable room with great balcony; caring facilities such as coffee maker & free facial mask; 5-min walk to metro station Clean & comfortable room with regular shuttle service to several popular shopping spots. Comfortable stay with great service by attentive staff. Convenient to grab meals nearby. comfit room, friendly staff and quality lay out fanstastic! will go back again. staff are delicated for the work. mulity lanaguages are availiable. room is veru comfit Clean, comfertable, offers shuttle service to markets and shopping areas Agoda web reservation confused my arrivel date. The hotel was full on the day I was supposed to arrive. I had to find a near by hotel for one night. After making some threats they agreed to cancel one of the nights I reserved but charged me twice the price of the first night. different design for each floor, friendly staff, comfortable room We enjoyed our stay in PJ Hotel, defintely will recommend to others. free shuttle bus service to shopping centre, friend staff, excellent service Everything is great, only entrance of hotel needed to upgrade coz it does not convenient to elderly, seem like only staircase provided if I am not mistake. Free shuttle to major shopping areas, friendly staff and accessible I enjoyed my stay during my last visit. Would definitely come back with family members. Close to public transport, good customer service, good IT facilities Only stayed for one night and despite the initial good impression of the hotel from the reception, the bedroom we were assigned was for smokers even though we asked to have a non-smoking room. This wasn't a major problem, it was just a bit disappointing. Glad I didn't pay the full amount for the room as I don't think it was worth it. There was a range of choice for breakfast but most of this was Korean food so wouldn't be good for people who want a more European-style meal. Staff were helpful and spoke English very well. Big room size, great staff, easy check in and check out Thanks to hotel PJ, we enjoyed our time in seoul! Great location, great price and very good customer service. Shuttle Service, Located near touristy areas, Great Staff We got a double room for about $100. There are some shady looking shops around the corner, but decent in a couple of blocks. The inside of the hotel is nice, the staff speak different languages, and took great care of us when we were so demanding. We had a balcony view but below the balcony looked like a junk yard and smelled like burning plastic. That was kind of a bummer. The balcony rail was high and the table and chairs were tethered far away for saftey. The room was comfy and had face care products instead of tooth brushes offered in the bathroom. Outside of the hotel, in the same building, is a convenience store. The area and neighbors in the hotel were peaceful, and there was even a security guard roaming around each floor at night! The elevators felt secure because you had to scan your room key before entering your floor number. A water fountain for hot or cold water, as well as an ice machine were located in the hallway. Restaurants, a cafe, and a souvenir shop was also available at the hotel, but we didn't try it. I didn't like the trashy buildings next door, the smells outside, the old carpet, or the lighting system in the hotel. The walls looked a little bit old too, but were covered in new wallpaper. This hotel is pretty old, but is up to date and comfortable. I highly recommend staying here and will try it again next time I'm in town. Those minor issues aside, we had a great time. 1) The rooms are big enough to accommodate my family with kids. 2) There's a free shuttle service to nearby shopping and subway. 3) The rooms were comfortable and neat. The stay was great. My kids enjoyed the stay at the hotel, and they loved the small living room area carved out for them to watch their TV shows. There was an air cleaner in our room too. comfort, service and access It was nice, couldn't ask more for the price. The beds were very comfortable and the room was spacious enough for 3 people. The staff spoke pretty good English and I was impressed that they have money changing services available, especially in cases of emergency! The area itself isn't exactly close to Myeongdong shopping centers and the hotel is surrounded by small restaurants and vendors so a little bit dirty. But it's close to the airport bus and a 5 minute walk to the subway station. Room Very comfortable, although the approach on foot was slightly offputting Convenient, quiet & friendly PJ hotel is located between Dongdaemon and Myeongdong, it is about 20-30 mins walk to both places. It is not really nearby but a small shuttle bus is provided. The hotel is located inside local furniture shopping area. Airport bus is quite close, less than 5 mins walk. It is definitely value for money if you could get it on discount. Most of the guests are from China and Japan, the hotel staff could speak in Japanese fluently. Location, comfort, service Over expectation for the price that i got- big and clean room with guest reception room apart of the bedroom, the bed room has big bed and comfortable mattress. The bathroom is fully equipped with all u need especially the amenities provided like Face mask and face cleanser liquid- very over my expectation. Now i know that the insider deal from Agoda is really cheap. The hotel is close to 3 subway stations and very easy to come and go to the airport. The hotel also provided shuttle bus service to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun. The staffs were so attentive. I had no need to ask. They just came to me when they saw me took out a map which made me so impressed. I really recommend this hotel. Convenient, spacious room and good service This is my second time staying in Hotel PJ. The experience is still excellent, will certainty choose Hotel PJ again Service, shuttle bus, location Service was great like last time. The hotel is located central to many shopping areas with shuttle provided. However, unlike other hotels in Myeong-Dong, this hotel is located in a somewhat industrial area. Nothing is very close walking distance, including the subway station and the airport bus service. If the weather is great, then the walk is perfect (minus the rather industrial look, and forklifts running around). However, if it's bad, such as raining, then it can be a miserable walk. Overall good bargain if you can get a good price. Friendly and helpful staff ” awesome comfortable room with a great view” A good place for visiting again.” I 'm happy with PJ hotel n sure will be back....” CLEAN AND GOOD” Second time staying here, great to be back!” Excellent hotel room - loved it!” Big room” Good Location! Free Shutter! 5min from MRT station” Shopping in Seoul” Pleasant stay, easy to locate, attentive staff” in general, it fits my needs” Excelent, excelent” Good value for money.” Amazing, great hotel for stays” One of top choice hotel in Seoul” Very good hotel” Good communication skill in english” A great hotel for your stay in Myeong-dong!!” Lovely clean rooms and very friendly staff!” Good service, has shuttle bus service around the area, near to the subway station (less than 5 mins walk) The main entrance required us to climb the staircase, which is a tad too tired for tourists after a long day. There is another entrance by the side, that doesnt require us to climb the stairs, but it is abit too obscure and secluded. However, the good service provided by the staff really make up for an enjoyable trip in Seoul/Myeongdong. They will try to make enquiries on our behalf to various parties to find out more about the information which we required and get back to us promptly. attentive staff, balcony, comfortable room Good service. Clean. Free shuttle bus to and from hotel and shopping areas. A very good hotel. Located in town area. Staffs are friendly with good communication skills. Will recommend to my friends. Big room, comfort, friendly staff EASY TO MOVE ANY TIME ,24/7 FAST FOOD NEARBY Comfortable, clean, modern We stayed at PJ Hotel the first 3 days of our holiday and returned from Jeju to stay at PJ Hotel again for 4 days this time. Got the room with a 50% discount on a twin, but the hotel upgraded us, first to a double, then to a king with an extra bed! Was good to be back as the hotel was comfortable, clean and modern. Appreciated the free wi-fi in our room as usual, as well as the free hourly shuttle to Myeongdong during the day and Dongdaemun in the evening. Really enjoyed our stay here! Comfortable, clean and expensive-looking rooms. We absolutely loved our stay at PJ Hotel! We got the room with a 50% discount, so definitely worth it! Rooms were 5-star quality, modern, clean and comfortable, and with free wi-fi too! Plus, there was a Nespresso machine with one coffee capsule per guest! We stayed 3 days before flying to Jeju, but booked PJ Hotel for the remainder of our holiday in Korea after returning from Jeju, because they had the 50% offer again! My husband called it a "home away from home"! Friendly and attentive staff as well, and they let us keep some of our luggage there while we were in Jeju. Clean, Easy access to subway station and close to restaurants. Our stay in PJ hotel was great. We booked a double room but was upgraded to a bigger room during check-in. The room is clean and with lots of extra pillows. There is a nice BBQ restaurant right behind the hotel area. Good food and value for money. 5min from MRT, 10min walking from Myeongdong, nearby alot of local eateries! Everything was great except the AIRCON! not cold enough! luckily the weather this round was cold.. i personally don't recommend this hotel during SUMMER. Clean, large room and close to shopping areas Staff has good command of English as compared to service staff in Seoul. Just a train stop away from Myeong-Dong. 5 minutes walk to shuttle bus to international airport. Location, comfy bed, English spoken I had a very nice room and I would stay there again. I had some problems getting around town in the taxi so the staff would write down where I wanted to go in Korean as well as the name of the hotel to make it easy for me to get back. I did leave all my electronic cables in my room when I checked out and I am waiting to hear back from my email as to whether they found them and I can pay them to mail them back, I have not heard back from them so far, but hope this is because they are trying to locate them in their lost and found. I do think the hotel would go out of their way to help their guests. good wifi network, clean and tidy room and a nice balcony there are quite a lot of japanese and taiwanese staying in the hotel. just it is a bit upset ehen it comes to the shuttle bus service. actually it is nice to have shuttle bus service to the nearby attraction anf its service hour is really long too from 6 to 2 the other day, but when it comes to getting on the bus, people were not used to lining up and thus it was a mess and the driver was helpless too at the moment. besides, everything is fine. i luv the experience. shuttle bus, big size room, clean room Spacious room. Clean. Helpful staff. The room is spacious with three beds. All amenities are clean. Location is not that near to Myeong-dong but it is quite convenient to go to major shopping areas by hotel shuttles. Hotel staff members are very helpful and polite. Quick check out. Will definitely recommend this hotel for a comfortable yet affordable stay. Clean, spacious, friendly staff We have booked deluxe room for stays. It looks good in the photo. However, when we reach the hotel, it was a pleasant surprise that they have upgraded our room. Till then, we still don't know yet how will the room be. The room turns up to be an excellent one! 2 queen size beds, living room, bathroom with bathtub and shower, 2 TVs. They had bfast promo with 9000 won only for buffet bfast. The transportation to shopping area is frequent. It just the timing to go to Dongdaemun only started on 7pm until 2 am. Taxi is convenient and cheap though. Dongdaemun/Myengdong to PJ hotel only took about 4000 won. Please download the PJ hotel in Korean words, as the taxi driver doesn't know PJ hotel in English. The staffs, the room and the serivces It was a great experience with PJ hotel. Great free shutter bus serivces that runs almost whole day long. Staffs are simply amazing with their services and they are extremely helpful. Comfortable, large size room, clean, friendly of staffs and good communication skill in english International hotel with friendly staffs assist you. The staff, the free shutter bus and the clean room Stay in PJ hotel was fantastic. Its clean, and hotel staffs quality and friendliness is simply amazing. One of the staff saw me almost exiting the lobby at the turnstile but turned and walked back, he approached me right away to offer assistance. Hotel Free Shutter bus runs 24/7 around Dongdemum, Myeong-dong areas, 2 different routes on different timing from early morning till 2am. Where some hotel free shutter buses don't even operate on weekends or public holidays when tourists need them most. Cleaniness. Comfortable beds. Fast free wifi in rooms. Was in Seoul and Busan for holiday. PJ was lovely. Clean comfortable room and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The most comfortable stay in Seoul!” Nice, convenient ” good, nice and easy” comfortable, value for money” A fantastic hotel with free shuttle.” Comfortable stay and helpful staff” Such a great hotel.” An enjoyable and comfortable stay.” Good value for money” Good and comfortable ” very nice hotel with reasonable price” easy, comfortable, relaxing” nice hotel ,but the location not so good” Good location and the friendly staff” Good location and comfortable stay” Friendly and well located.” Comfortable stay” Confortable and reasonable rate” Relaxed stay” Relaxing and worries free” Large room, large comfy beds and good service! It was fantastic! My friends and I stayed there for 4 nights, and it was the most pleasant stay of our 10 days trip. The rooms were huge with great design. The room came with a living area corner where there was a nespresso coffee machine, a humidifier, a tea set and the room had 2 tv sets (not that we used it, but it felt luxurious)! We were even upgraded to the Ladies level on level 5. The hotel also had great security. Required keycard for lift access and every level access. The staff were very patient with our requests, the security guards were friendly and the doormen were attentive. The location was pretty convenient with eateries and take-out coffee across the street, and Chungmuro station was 5 minutes away, across 2 roads. There is a cineplex next to the subway too. All in all it was awesome for the price we paid! Location, nice, language Very convenient to take airport bus to hotel, got help immediately when I got to it. Everybody was nice, hotel was clean, the hotel bus dropped us at At bus station. East to get to Miong Dong shopping area. Lots go resturants around. good location to MyeongDong, nice staff, big room Our stay at PJ hotel was good. We got a good size room with two twin beds. The bathroom included many amenities such as facial masks. Our room had a little smell of smoke which unfortunately we weren't able to find a room that didn't have it. The location of the hotel is not the easiest to find and it's not very handy for public transportation. The hotel staff was very friendly. Friendly staff, clean and comfortable Shuttle bus to nearest subway & cities, staff especially the bellboys very very helpful,and hotel very convenient. My stay was perfect, except for the air conditioner in the room. It was not cold at all.The room was great but we had to change to another room on our 2nd night which was not as prefect as the first. Going to PJ and back to Incheon Airport is easy. Take Airport Limousine 6015,(10000won/person),stop at Chungmuro Station bus stop,wait for PJ Hotel shuttle bus(from 8-11am,every 15mins,11-6pm,every hour) or walk the alley(just beside left of bus stop)till the end,cross the road.If you missed Chungmuro stop, dont worry, alight at next & last stop, Sejong Hotel,wait for PJ bus shuttle(every hour after 11am).We loved this hotel. Will stay there again if we are back in Korea. Room is clean and spacious and free face mask and coffee provided friendly, helpful staff, good location, great view Loved staying at this hotel. Best hotel I have stayed in, in Seoul. Loved that there was a balcony. Comfortable room. Friendly staff, comfortable and reasonable price I felt satisfied with the hotel room, friendly staff and comfortable stay. Quiet room, spacious, price Convenient, good staff, clean Good quality, easily accessed, centrally located, close to restaurants and shopping areas and good service with polite and helpful staff. Clean and comfortable room, you can take a break in the room when shopping around the area. location, friendly staffs, free shuttle bus outlets to cater to foreign plugs, nice bathroom, great internet the staff at pj was very friendly and helpful. the high speed internet was very convenient, the beds were comfortable and the bathroom supplies were very nice. nice balcony that makes way for a nicely lit room. very clean rooms. clean , friendly staff , nice room Excellant Staff, Clean room and cheap Their staff were really helpful and was well versed in english too. They also provide good recommendation to their local food. The room cleanliness is excellant Room size, location, service Very good service, easy access to airport shuttle, to shopping centers and restaurants, good size room, comfortable bed, fast Internet. Comfortable room. friendly helpful staff.Great location. Very good value and comfortable and clean.Metro just a short walk.Can easily walk to shopping and entertainment centre in Myeong Dong.Free shuttle bus to lots of places very useful. Staff with good english and very helpful.Good fast free WiFi.Breakfast is good value but only Korean (which is fine). Dinner restaurant rather ordinary and you are better off eating in outside restaurants which are around the area. Would return there without doubt. Large, clean room and helpful staffs Great. Room is twin bed, with large size of bed. My son really enjoyed the room. Staffs were responsive to our requests, such as fast and on-time tour arrangements. Even though location is close to MRT station, but getting taxis was also easy and staffs were helpful in calling for taxis. Clean, Convinent, Helpful Staff Shuttle bus to shopping area is highly appreciated. Staff are very nice and they can speak english and japanese very well. beds were comfortable, room was large cleaners came at lunch time so no need to get up early. We enjoyed our stay. We had a corner room that didn't have a balcony, but had extra space instead, which meant the room was huge. Late cleaning meant sleep ins weren't an issue. It was very quiet and staff were helpful. free shutter bus, multi lingua staff, clean Relaxing, comfortable, helpful staff, easy access to few main shopping point around. Convenient shuttle bus and big size room” Awesome! Cheap and Good!” Nice hotel in a very convenient location” Good location” Worth to stay” The hotel is claen and good lacotion” close to myeong dong ” Good city center hotel” Shopping are the famous activities when you travel” Great hotel between 3 subway stations” Comfortable” Great” Good location. ” Absolutely pleasant” Convenient 4 star hotel” Comfortable Big Hotel rooms ” Great for value” Fantastic Hotel” good for shopping and food” Stay was good and very affordable good value for $” Good location, convenient shuttle bus, big size room Very Nice Hotel!The location is good and the shuttle bus service is convenient to go to Myeong Dong and Dong Dae Mun. Subway stations are close as well. It's easy to approach the main attractions of Seoul. I stayed in lady's floor, it's safe and I'm very satisfied with the big size room. Free Shuttle Bus to Myeong Dong and Dong Dae Mun, Very Friendly Staff, Very Helpful Staff, Comfortable Bed Very good. Will head back next time traveling to Seoul. Free Shuttle Bus to shopping area, myeong dong and dong dae mun, can save some traveling expenses. There's free drinking water too! Even hotel room have free coffee capsule!! Convenient location, very helpful hotel staff, nice and clean room Convenient location, just a short way from Seoul Station which is really a bonus. Will stay in this hotel again if going to Seoul again, will recommend this hotel to friends who will visit Seoul. Good location to 3 lines of metro, clean room, good staff Good location to 3 lines of metro Can wait to 3 different stations of metro depend on where you go, save the time to transfer inside the metro, so is convenient. Clean room, but bigger is better, luggage need to be placed near the door, far from the bed. Helpful staff, can help find taxi at hotel door. Lobby provide leaflet for travel, useful. Shuttle bus is good, can reach many sites. Good location to 3 lines of metro, clean room, good staff Good location to 3 lines of metro Can walk to 3 different stations of metro depend on where you go, save the time to transfer inside the metro, so is convenient. Clean room, but bigger is better, luggage need to be placed near the door, far from the bed. Helpful staff, can help find taxi at hotel entrance. Lobby provide leaflet for travel, useful. Shuttle bus is good, can reach many sites. Clean hote, good locatiob and good service I like the shuttle bas every hour go to Myeong Dong Shopping street and also at night got shuttle go to Dong Da Mom. comfortable, free shuttle bus, big room location not really convenience, but offer free shuttle bus service , staff friendly,room comfortable Staff, clean rooms, attentive service PJ hotel is comfort, convenience, clear and nice. Staffs are nice, polite and helpful. Free upgrade is offered to me in this journey. It locates in a convenience place, it is near the railway station. Some shuttle buses are offering by the hotel toward some famous places. It is highly recommenced to you when you travel Seoul. quality, cleaniness large rooms, shuttle bus, clean location, cleaniness, quality Good Location. Free shuttle bus to Myeong-dong and Dongdaemun. Close to 3 Metro Stations. I will choose to come back next time to Seoul. Good Location. Free shuttle bus to Myeong-dong and Dongdaemun. Close to 3 Metro Stations. Comfortable room, near local restaurants, near shopping area Particularly impressed with the Expresso coffee maker in the room, come with free coffee for you to brew by yourself. There are even provide free facial therapy masks in the room. This makes a very enjoyable family vacation ! Free shuttle bus to major attractions of the city, free upgrade of room, friendly staff Good place to stay, some walking required when taking airport shuttle. Breakfast not included, available only with additional payment. However the breakfast spread is very little. Room was very comfortable, but unfortunately the hotel does not have a swimming pool; it's 4 stars not 5. Overall good quality for the price. Big spacious room, afforadble price, free shuttle service to train station Very comfortable stay at PJ hotel. We got a triple room, which was really big and spacious. There was also a Nespresso machine in the room for our use. Hotel provides free shuttle service up til 2am, to popular places like Dongdadum shopping area and Myeyodong. the rooms are clean and big Location, comfortable rooms, friendly staff We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and we were so happy with it. It is located very near to the famous Myeong-Dong shopping district, about 10 minutes walk. The metro stations are 5 minutes walk away. We stayed in a family room with three beds and it was very comfortable. I would definitely come back to this hotel the next time. very easy to find, and convinience to go eirher Meung dong or Dongdaimun. The room is very clean Comfortable bed, clean and safe Stay was great. Nice Stay in PJ!!!” Excellent hotel, near public transport” pleasent stay with PJ Hotel” nice hotel” Easy access to shopping area.” like Taipei” Beautiful rooms and great service” Very good value and perfect location for shopping” Great value for price.” Good location, courteous staff & excellent service” The staff are friendly and attentive.” Nice but not suitable for early check-in traveller” Nice hotel !” Very comfortable stay and enjoyable” Opulent hotel, amazing room for the price!” reasonable, fun and convenient.” We will be back!” Clean and comfortable stay” good for shopping” Great hotel, value for money” Spacious and tidy rooms, the beds are really fantastic and staffs are freindly. PJ is a nice hotel, especailly for those triple rooms, but one thing is quite interesting is the door of the toilet, it's a kind of sliding door without locks and have a space/gap between the wall. When someone is passing through the corridor into the living room, might watch the one sitting on the stool. Clean room, good service, excellent language ~ Good service, big room, excellent language ~ near all public transport, shopping mall and sight spot ~ reasonable price Big room, comfortable bed, Shuttle Bus to nearby area. Pleasent stay, great & helpful staffs, big room with in-room internet service & satelite TV channel make our stay so comfortable. Definitely will stay in this hotel in future. big room, friendly staff, near to the 24 hours mini mart Friendly & English Speaking Staff. Clean Room. Comfortable Bed. Not a bad stay with that price I've paid for. Can't rate the food there as both restaurants are closed. Only problem is the 5 minutes walk between hotel & airport bus stop. Difficult walk for traveling with big and heavy luggage. big room, discount, clean Rooms, cleanliness and service Beautiful rooms that were very large. The TV had a few English channels for me to watch, the room came with all necessities plus a safe and wifi access. The staff were great at all times too. The location was good, only a short walk to the shops or train station. I could enjoy a lot of local restaurants and a slice of normal Korean life on the way to the station (Korean businesses...etc). Location, cleanerss and value Price. Location. Cleanliness Free shuttle bus to shopping center & free internet, central location with excellent service, & friendly & courteous staff. Staff, room and free shuttle bus. I stayed at 2 hotel during my trip to seoul. I preferred PJ hotel than another. Even though another hotel is at myeongdong and closer to shopping area, I feel that PJ hotel is better. Their service was fast. I called to the counter during midnight to request for a bottle opener, they came within a few minute and the staff helped me to opened it. I took the twins room and requested for ladies floor, managed to get ladies floor in the end without additional charges! The lift is those that you need to scan your card and you can only go to the floor that your room is at. I feel that it is very safe. There are a few food stall nearby that open till late. Would definitely choose PJ hotel again during my next trip. Helpful staff, especially the man with glasses ; Quick responce of request ; Shuttle bus system convenient to travellers Overall satisfied, but we are not satisfied with the policy of charged early check-in, many travellers arrived at the hotel at about 12PM including us, but the frontdesk staff refused to check in for us, and said that EARLY CHECK-IN HAS TO BE CHARGED, but no subject to the availability. Hope to be improved next time. Staffs are nice! Hotel provide shuttle bus service that are very convenience ! Central location with easy and quick connections to various locations of interest, very good breakfast with several items of choice, and nice room I would recommend stay at this hotel to solo travellers , business travellers and couples alike. location, comfort, price Stayed for one night while attending a conference. Very helpful staff held on to my bags before check in and after check out. Amazing room - very comfortable and top of the line conveniences - nice TV, Nespresso machine, nice table and chairs and a balcony with a great view of Seoul! Room comfortable and spaceous, transportation convenient with free shuttle to and from trourist spots, convenient to and from airport. Near subway stations, restaurants nearby, very friendly staffs! clean, comfortable and spacious very clean n the staff is very polite..also,the price was discounted its very good hotel but not near the shopping locstion the staff is good.they ar very polite to help us take package n teach us how to take taxi(print out the map). also.the room is very clean n provide high quality of daily things,such as mask.shower gel.lotion. the room is big location, shuttle bus to Myeong-dong, and friendly staff i had a great time in the hotel. The location is 15 mins to Myeong-dong, but the hotel provides shuttle bus, which is very convenient. and the staff are very friendly. Nice stay, free shuttle, nice staff” Convenient transportation with hotel shuttles” great looking inside but complete contrast outside” great Hotel, i'll definitely come back.” Great hotel for all occasions.” very pleasant stay” was very nice and want to go again” Great service, clean room, free wi-fi” the room is clean and stuffs are friendly ” Great free and easy experiences” A very decent hotel near Myeong-dong” Clean & comfortable hotel with friendly staff” Enjoyable, almost luxurious and convenient” Great value for a centrally located hotel” Excellent Hotel, Poor Neighborhood” Good hotel” Good value for money” 舒適, 價錢相宜的好酒店” Great value for money” Height of the staff's Japanese skill ” The hotel has free shuttle bus to the shopping center near there. Very helpfull and fluent in english staff. Free wifi on room Great decipline of services Near to main shopping center. Good transportation. Polite and professional staffs. cost, service, size big and clean room, great position, sweet shuttle Friendly staffs, great location, good room quality This hotel is great for whatever reasons you are in Seoul. Great location for business, shopping, cultural attractions, great food and much more. I arrived at the hotel little bit too early in the morning, and had to wait for two hours before they checked me in, but they have me a free upgrade to the larger room. Two hours of wait was well worth and no complains for that! Rooms are clean and quiet, with good amenities. I strongly recommend this hotel to anyone. Two thumbs up. great location, airport shuttle, attentive staff great stay, very enjoyable hotel. Only thing to note is that no toothbrush is provided. clean, location, internet Friendly and attentive staff, clean room and free shuttle service to major shopping districts The hotel is near to the subway station (5 mins walk) and the bus stop that has airport express bus. Friendly staff and clean room with balcony make the stay enjoyable. In addition, there is free shuttle bus to the popular shopping area like Dongdaemun and MyeonDong. The only drawback is that the hotel is rather difficult to locate. service that stuff is alway smiling and can speak good english The room is clean and big, but the floor height is not higher enough, it's easy go to city of centre, we thought this hotel's stuff is very friendly which can speak good english and provided perfect service. Convenience location, friendly and helpful staff, comfortable room Only 15 minutes walk to Myeong Dong; staff very nice and room is very comfortable Large room, helpful staff and free shuttle service to major shopping places There is airport shuttle bus no. 6015 that stopped for this hotel, a further 5-7 mins will bring you to PJ Hotel. Was given a triple sharing room for our twin booking, the room was pretty big and there is also a balcony to enjoy the cool air (mid-Apr)and snacks. There is free wi-fi in the room and is very convenience. Hotel provide free shuttle service to Myeong Dong area for shopping. Hotel staff were friendly a d helpful. Friendly and polite staff, large room with balcony and strong wireless connection good value, good location, clean room Quality, Staff, Location Clean, confortable, safe This hotel is noble. the facility is clean and comfortable. however there is not near center of city so you have to ride the bus for sightseeing. room size and amenities - toiletries were complete; espresso coffee, tea can be prepared in room, cable channels had enough variety The only difficulty I encountered was finding the hotel after getting off at the Airport Limousine bus stop near Chungmuro station. After a 3rd attempt at asking for directions, I realized that it was actually on a parallel street, and I had to go through a building alley to find it situated at the end. Staff were attentive and check in/out was swift. They were also helpful in providing information. Staff's English skills were good enough to facilitate communication. cheap, nice, convenience In room wi-fi, large rooms, great English speaking staff The staff here went out of their way to assist us. The room was great with a large bathroom. The hotel is in a good location in relation to tourist attractions, restaurants and transport. Height of the staff's Japanese skill Beauty of the room Locatin The voice of the horizontal room was noisy till midnight. great stay for family” so comfy with our room.. big bed... so happy.” Great stay” quiet hotel, free shuttle bus by the hotel ” comfortable ” Location more converience but outside area is old.” Convenient, nice location n friendly ” Pleasant and good memories of the hotel” A great hotel to stay for sightseeing and shopping” good hotel, great service” The staff are nice. The place is clean and tidy. ” Clean, Comfortable and Centrally located hotel” Value of Money selection ” The service was excellent, speak well too” Super Peasant Eexperience” Nice place to stay” Attentive and efficient staff. ” what you paid is what you get.” Hotel P is niceJ” A comfortable and nice hotel” comfortable room with complete facility. shuttle bus service between main shopping area. I had a great stay in PJ hotel. The room is very big and new. Very comfortable rest after whole day out. The hotel also provide free shuttle service to myeondong and other areas every hourly. Very convenient for self travelling. Staff speak good English and are very friendly to assist. . Classy, elegant and comfortable hotel My husband and I were so happy with the hotels room , food and so accessible to shopping areas... Good location, value for money, comfortable stay free shuttle bus to other major attractions, nice room and nice bed clean, friendly staff, good english, comfy bed They have shuttle bus to take you around the shopping area near the hotel. For free and operate every 30minutes. 1.Room size good 2.converience 3.shutter bus Room size is good and bath room more comfortable.Over all 80% quite good compare the price. Clean, spacious & comfortable. Nice, comfortable and good services Large rooms, comfortable beds, central location. We would certainly choose to stay here again. The rooms are larger then others that we experienced in the Myeondong area. Hotel staff speak English and are very helpful. Hotel also has a shuttle service to nearby shopping area. Getting to the hotel can be a bit confusing if you take the airport coach. attentive and friendly staff The staff are nice. The place is clean and tidy. The food provided by the hotel restaurant is good especially the western restaurant. Very good experience for living in PJ hotel. It is beyond my expectation. The staff is nice, the place is clean and tidy. Location is convenient. This hotel offers good value for your money with clean, comfortable rrom and it is centrally located in major shopping area. I wish this hotel had a gym but other than that I was happy staying there for my needs. It is quite near to city centre, in value of money Staff are very helpful and good location in value price Great staff, beautiful room, accessible from the airport via airport limousine, 10 min walk to almost every shopping area! 1. The staff were really polite and able to speak English fluently. Powerpacked service Good location, spacious room, easy transport Clean room, helpful staff, near eateries, shuttle available to several locations. Generally good. Room temperature could not be regulated. location,nothing much it's okay. the bathroom is a bit run down. Practical place. 1. the bed is comfortable 2. the location is convenient, nearby 3 subway stations 3. the staff is professional the hotel is nice. I'll definitely recommend it to my friends who are traveling Seoul. fast internet, shuttle service to surrounding neighborhoods, comfortable rooms Comfortable and clean room, with fast internet. We arrived late at night and was upgraded to a junior suite with new PC. From the airport shuttle limosine stop, one has to walk through a dark and filthy alley that doesn't seem to be safe at all! Nevertheless, once arrived at the hotel, PJ was really fine! The hotel provides shuttle service to several places in the neighborhoods. We however did not use it. Although it's a good hotel, PJ is over-priced! Will definitely recommend this!” awesome but smokey musty smell upon check-in” Nice and Clean Hotel” Spacious room with free shuttle” free shuttle bus to shoping centre” A very comfortable and convenient stay like home. ” clean and good amenities” Clean and spacious room” good location & room & friendly staffs ” Great value, convenient shopping location” Nice hotel in a great location” Very good.” Exellent location and super friendly bell staff.” PJ Hotel shuttle bus convenient” most comfortable, very clean room excellent staff.” Acessible to major mtr stations, helpful staff” Nice and happy stay” Very attentive, polite staff, convenient location” we would happily return to this hotel” Great location” Free shuttle to popular areas, friendly staff Follow the directions on their website and you will get to the hotel in 5mins from Chungmuro Exit 8. Free shuttle to Myeongdong and Lotte DFS, Dongdaemun was definitely a plus! The family room was good enough for 3 of us, did not see the need for an upgrade to Premier Family room. location, communication, helpfulness Good Location, Clean and big room Free fast Internet, location, clean spacious room We enjoyed our stay at PJ Hotel. Room was spacious, clean with friendly staff. But staff should learn more English to communicate better with tourists. clean, big room, free bus Comfort, easy access and clean. Happy to stay here and looking forward to stay in this hotel for my next vacation. local restaurantes near hotel/easy access to subway station/clean room clean and spacious room, with shuttle service to lotte mall and shopping area the room was spacious and clean. they also have shuttle service to lotte mall and shopping area every 15 min in the morning and every hour in the afternoon. The staff were very attentive to our needs and very quick to respond. No free toothbrush and toothpaste kit, which is unusual to hotels, so travelers should bring their own kit. No free breakfast. all staffs are helpful, near trains station (5 mins walk), shuttle bus to myeongdong & dongdaemun Hotel staffs are helpful, very close to trains station (忠武路 & 月支路), and it is great that hotel has shuttle bus to myeongdong & dongdaemum. Shopping convenience with shuttle service, excellent customer service, and great value Overall, this was a great hotel. It's 5 minute walk from nearest subway station, 15 minute walk from Myeongdong, and about 20 minutes walk from Dongdaemun (it's sort of in bewteen the two shopping area). However, there's free shuttle service making a look to all of the locations (total around 6ish). Room is big by Seoul standards, but somewhat small by US standards. Very friendly multilingual service. Location, friendly staff and nice rooms A nice, clean, centrally located hotel that has great, helpful staff who can speak English. The hotel is immaculately clean and rooms are a nice size, (we had Double room which had two queen size beds). The hotel's website was very helpful in assisting us to find the hotel from the subway, but next time we'd probably catch a cab. When next in Seoul we will definitely return to PJ. Good room size, location and staff. Free shuttle to the major shopping areas, helpful bell staff, and great location. We really enjoyed the stay and hospitality by the staff. The free shuttle is wonderful and always on time. Be aware that there is an extra charge for a minor although we only reserved a room with two full sized beds. Would gladly stay at PJ Hotel again. Room, Internet, shuttle bus I am satisfied with staying at this hotel because the room was spacious., clean and staff courteous. It also has a shuttle bus that adds to its convenience. Restaurants are .also within walking distance. The only thing lacking is room service for food. This is important especially when the restaurants around the area are Already close. Room, location, staff Most pleasant. Hotel shuttle bus a real boon.Hotel conveniently located for the surrounding area. Can access three major mtr stations with 5-10 mins walk. Staff are nice and can communicate with English. Efficient room service. It was generally ok. Shuttle bus to major tourist spots was a plus. The room was clean. There were some noise at night, probably from the fridge or the air-condition system. There was no swimming pool in the hotel, not many facilities. The area around the hotel was quite old. We had a room with city view, but not a magnificent and attractive one. Excellent service, good shuttle bus network, large & clean room Huge bed, central location, great staff PJ Hotel is an excellent hotel in a convenient location. There are comments saying that it is not that close to the subway stations but it is less than a 5 minute walk away from two subway stations (Chungmuro and Euljiro 4-ga). The airport shuttle bus stop is also right next to Chungmuro Station. The area is not dodgy or unsafe at all. Room service is excellent and our rooms were cleaned everyday. I would stay at this hotel again. staff very attentive, quick and efficient ; comfortably furnished room with traveller needs well catered for ; transport options 1) Visit the hotel's own website for good directions including photos to locate the hotel from Subway or Airport Bus. 2) Free Hotel bus to popular shopping areas; Chungmuro subway station is just few minutes away for 2 subway lines, and stations for another 2 lines are nearby too. 3) Hotel cafe serves great coffee and toast/muffins as an simple alternative to full buffet breakfast 4) Room heating was too warm, but you can leave the windows open 5) Hotel had a Souvenir shop, and business center, free room internet ; ground floor had a bank for currency exchange etc Good location, nice service, high spped WIFI 服務態度很棒，非常貼心。飯店很舒適，且提供每小時接提供免費接駁車至景點。很適合自助行旅客” lovely hotel with good service” surprising good” Very good and easy hotel to stay at” Comfortable, easy access to popular atraction. ” Good location” Convenience and a spacious room.to stay” Nice hotel with good service” Great hotel” Room is very nice and good location” Nice big and clean room, very close to subway” nice service but not near subway station” Great value and location” Excellent hotel service and spacious room” Lovely hotel. And nice location” Smart, stylish hotel with excellent staff.” Great one, big room clean and nice service ” Pleasant Hotel located in Myeong Dong” Perfect hotel with great location & comfortable” Friendly staff and convenient” 每位服務人員都非常親切平易近人 price is reasonable as 5 stars hotel.. staffs are very kind and helpfull with good english...free shuttle bus to dongdaemun and back to hotel make our shopping time perfect.. just a few steps is 24 hours minimarket where you can get everythings. we stayed at this hotel just 2 nights... but we have great experience.. double room was OK with huge wardrobe and bed is very comfortable to lay down after long walking for shopping.. the staff speak english well.. they are very kind and helpfull. i asked where to get minimarket and he was show us not just give direction but he come out with us to point the place, in this freezing wind.. the boy at bell desk also very kind, help us booked taxy to airport. definitely will recommend PJ Hotel to our relations... clean, tidy and trendy hotel I was staying here for 2 nights and this hotel surprise me a lot. Good condition of the rooms and professional service. Will definitely stay here again next time to Seoul hygeine, friendly staff, staff helpfulness The stay is quiet good but the location can be a bit better. For example when i first got off the shuttle bus I couldn't see PJ hotel so it took me a while to find. Have a balcony can have a view Superb stay at pj hotel. Recommended. If I come back sure will staying here. Good location, closed to public transportation Easy to go to the ICN airport by rail express. Due to the traffic jam at around 4.0pm on saturday and I wait for the limousine bus for 1hr. Free shuttle to 明洞,東大門 shopping area until 2:00 am. spacious bedroom for 3 with a large balcony we have 6 ppl travelling and got two triple room.Rooms are spacious .big balcony and with the long comfort pilllow .Amenties are adequate. Staff speaks fluent English. Free shuttle at airport bus station.. Dongdaemun(東大門).and meedong(明洞) that run every hour till 2:00am. But hotel is very strict on check-in time (2:00 pm ). Even we tell the reception if we can get the room at 1:00. Extra charge for early checkin won 400,000. however it still worth for early check at 10:00 if you are sharing with 2 of your friends. At least you can recharge after the red eye flight Nice upgrade to executive room, comfy bed, clean amenities Hotel PJ was well located, only gripe was accessibility. Although just 8 minutes' walk to the subway station, we had to navigate through a narrow alley to get there. Thus, with heavy luggage it wasn't as easy. We had a regular double room for the first night, which had pretty worn-out furniture but still was clean. For the last three nights after we came back from Busan, we were upgraded to a triple room at the executive floor, which was obviously recently renovated from the looks of the classy lobby. The room was nice and huge, had a bigger bathroom and was overall more comfortable. I would say for the price we paid for a four star hotel in Seoul, it was generally well worth it. Free shuttle bus Great hotel - has everything you would need. Friendly staff, great free shuttle buses and free baggage storage. nice clean room, good service, good location The room is quite big and very clean, nice decoration, very impressive. Nespresso machine in the room with tea set are nice and hot/cold water outside the room is also convenient for refill to your bottles. There are nice restaurant around the hotel where you should not miss, ask the staffs for what kind of food you want to try. The location is very close to subway which is awesome! Clean room, Good Location the room is quite big and very clean, nice decoration, very impressive. nespresso machine in the room with tea set are nice and hot/cold water outside the room is also convenient for refill to your bottles. there are nice restaurant around the hotel where you should not miss, ask the staffs for what kind of food you want to try. the location is very close to subway which is awesome! nice room it's a little bit far away from subway station, but there's a shuttle bus to go to some shopping place from hotel which is free. the hotel staff is good english speaking, and very helpful. i think i will choose to stay here when i go korea next time. Good price and location Really good location. Close to metro and easy to get taxi. Staff was very polite and nice. Really enjoyed our stay here. The shuttle bus is a plus! Friendly staff with good spoken english Room is spacious and all staff are really helpful. Location is good. Free shuttle to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun. Will certainly take this hotel again. Best location Good in location. Comfortable room. Nice service. Love the room and will come back again soon A lovely, comfortbale but luxurious room. I had a lovely stay at the PJ. The desk staff are excellent and I was always made to feel like a valued customer rather than just another person in a queue. My room was lovely - stylish but comfortable with plenty of space. The hotel is well located with super transfer services - I owuldn't hesitate to recommend it. 3 singlr beds in room Nice to have experience with this hotel, strongly recommend Good location, spacious rooms, great service the hotel is located near the prime shopping area of myeong dong and free shuttle service is also offered by the hotel to myeong dong and other main city attractions. room is very spacious and comes with nice amenities. service was excellent. Hotel staffs are nice and helpful, hotel room is clean and big enough for two people, ladies floor and free shuttle bus services to some of the travel hotspot!!! comfortable hotel, hotel staffs are helpful and nice. satisfied with the free shuttle bus services provided by pj hotel (to some of the travel hotspot, and it is start from 8am to 2am!!). great location and near to the subway station. room is big, clean, comfortable and hotel features like hair dryer, coffee machine, leg massager machine and.... nice stay!!! Helpful staff with understandable English, shuttle bus to major shopping area The rooms are quite nice with a free capsule of coffee each day. My brother and I were upgraded to a three person room so it's quite spacious for us, nice! They also have high speed wifi for each room, quite impressing. I like that they have shuttle bus to major shopping areas, but if you don't want to stick to their shuttle bus schedule, the metro is a few blocks away from the hotel. Luckily taxi is not expensive in Seoul, can take taxi instead. nice hotel and serious profesional services!” Lovely and clean hotel” very good hotel with good factility” PJ Hotel” Great view over Seoul with outstanding Service” Great location near subway” Awesome service and nice room” Excellent hotel” Clean and comfort Hotel” great hotel great service” Very good service mind ” Great hotel for the price and location” Super good hotel” Great Place” Nice hotel” Lovely hotel with Eng speaking helpful staff” Nice hotel with very accomodating hotel staff” clean room” Very nice hotel with big rooms and good location” Great rooms!” room layout are very good ,maybe more enjoy if winter time. clean and well maintainents . the hotel shutter bus provide by hotel is a very good ,it send us to all around shopping area.is good if you are back bag tour.even the hotel staff cant speak much english ,but they still try very hard to provide help when ever you need. but the bad point is the area having too many pub and drinking area,so when you walk out at night with family always can seen some druken ,getting bit scare.thats why must use shutter bas if you feel like going out. Large and clean rooms, good service and friendly staff The hotel was situated between two subways and was about 5 mins walk from each subway. The free shuttle buses were made it very convenient to travel to nearby shopping districts. Staff was friendly and had a good grasp of English. Rooms were clean and sufficiently spacy with a nice outside balcony for viewing the scenery. 5* grade hotel very reasonable price live in PJ's hotel and this hotel provided 2shuttle bus to 明洞 and 東大。save a lot money.I am so surprise that room have desktop computer and Chinese channel..and have a testest t bag. 有免費shuttle bus,及near subway Good location and near subway station.Have shuttle bus service to 東大門 and 明洞,very helpful for the tourist.It is the nice hotel which i stay before.I think i will stay at there next time. 1.Located close to subway-line 4 / 2.Staff outstanding polite and caring, with very good English / 3.Great restaurant with higher leveled prices / 4.Good choice of TV-programs, if weather is bad Even my stay was only for 5 nights, with the outstanding friendly staff it felt immediately relaxing and enjoyable.In the room were already prepared discount-cards for restaurant and coffee-bar. The balcony with the view over Seoul was very inviting, too. Unfortunately I didn't try the 2 free shuttle-busses that are taking of and picking up frequently. Elegant hotel The hotel was very elegant with clean rooms.. The location was great with free shuttle service to shopping area.. The subway was about 5 minutes walk. There are lots of nearby restaurants. Great service and room size Staffs were so friendly and helpful. A bigger room was offered to 2 of us. My friend and I spent time on the balcony almost everyday. The hotel is kinda far from the shopping area, around 15 mins walking distance. Great location, excellent facility and service a+++ hotel, great facility, closed to myeong dong, only one stop away from it or takes 15 mins to walk there, free shuttle bus provided. hotel staff are very nice and helpful, highly recommend to all. clean room, size big, near by public transportation, hotel shuttle bus is near by Chung Moo ro subway station on the gate 8, only 2 station to get to the Gwang hwa mun and we can take city tour bus to travel around the Seoul city. clean and comfort hotel and the prize is good for a family trip. spacious room for 3 person spent 2 nights with my wife and 4 year old kid. the staff was friendly and no problem with conversing in english. hotel location is ideal for budget shopper as you can shop along the way to the market. however we went during winter (-16deg c) and was not ideal for walking especially with children. nearby hotel have kfc and some restaurants but no big supermarket, only small family mart. staff , cleaness I stay in PJ 6 nights in triple room. Hotel is very clean and their staff has very good service mind. Hotel bus is very convenient to go to shopping nearby. Although it quite far from metro station, 10 minutes walk from hotel, I thinks it still be a very good choice. Down the street from airport shuttle, close walk to Myeongdong and subway PJ Hotel is a great hotel for the price and location. The double bed room we stayed in was clean and the staff was very friendly. They can speak English, so if you don't know Korean you will be okay. Like other reviewers have said, you have to walk down a random alley to get to the hotel, but it's a very short walk. We had no trouble finding the subway, and Myeongdong is only about a 10-15 minute walk. Along the way, you can stop and get coffee at various cafes like Cafe Bene, Paris Baguette, and Coffee Bean. I highly recommend the hotel based on the price and location. It was hard to find a better deal in this area, and I was happy with my decision once we found the hotel and settled into our room. The only downside is that there isn't anything active right outside of the hotel at night, but thankfully lots of things are just a short walk away. good service The location is OK. There are free shuttle buses. This is super convenient for visitor. The room is very clean and tidy Clean and great services Very well located near most attractions Nothing is too much trouble for the staff Taxis are well priced The hotel has renovated only up to the 5th floor Buffet breakfast is realy nice, the hotel has many 7/11 shops within 100m Clean and organized The room was very nice, came with a large balcony with great view of the city and N Seoul Tower. It would be better if we could enjoy it (not under the cold weather). Location was not very convenient but the hotel offered shuttle buses to go around myeongdong and dongdaemum so you can easily catch the airport shuttle and the subway. However, when the shuttle is not available, the walk from the subway station may not seem very safe for lonely girl. English Speaking helpful staff, Free shuttle, Good location and clean & big room Very Good Stay with English speaking helpful staff, free shuttle and clean room. It is 5 mins away from Myeongdong by teksi or free shuttle bus. Big room with balcony. Spacious room, free shuttle bus, polite and accomodating staff We had a great time on our stay in Korea. No regrets in choosing pj hotel because its a nice place,very spacious.though its far from the shopping center and train station. They provide free shuttle bus every hour. Great hotel! easy to find It is a good choice for business and family.Convinent transportation and clean room. Very close location to Myeong dong shopping district This was a very good hotel, 5 minutes walk from the heart of Myeong Dong shopping district. Hotel staff spoke English well and were extremely helpful. The rooms were big, and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was clean, could only close it with a sliding door, no lock or door. Overall a very good hotel to stay in. Rooms and free wifi. we received an upgrade to a large room with a side living area. we had booked when the room was on sale, so it was definitely great value. we didn't try the food there so can't comment on dining, but the location and room was definitely much better than expected. free wireless provided and there was a shuttle service to nearby attractions. Right hotel to choose” PJ Hotel” Great location with good comfortable clean room” Great location!” hotel has very good staff and good room” Great Location” Awesome service. ” Surprising hotel.” very comfortable, very big size !!” clean and nice hotel” Modern hotel with good shuttle service” Great room space” Comfortable room, good facilities and nice service” Good location and room in good quality ” Lovely hotel” Nice and modern hotel” excellent room” Clean and Tidy Hotel, not close to the ski area” Lovely comfort and convenient hotel ++++” A great hotel and great service.” convenient shutttle service comfortable and convenient with the shuttle service although the time schedule of course A can be extended to a little bit longer, after dinner time perhaps. the check-in counter is helpful to re-arrange the rooms for us, and the staff always wearing a smile made us feel comfortable. good hotel with nice staff and room room size are big with comfortable bed and nice view. but a lit bit far away to subway station walk ten mintunes. room with great spacious and good amenities Was very satisfied staying in this great location its has all the amenities given and good guide from concerige , helpful most important they understand english. Very considerate for guests and go all ways to help guest request . Like this hotel very much especially with shuttle bus its so convenient going out every night to Donggdamun will definitely stay back this hotel if were to be holiday in korea. Awesome service & definitely worth the price! Really impressed with the staffs professionalism. Shuttle bus service was a plus point for this 4* star & the location was really good. Just 5 minutes to Chungmuro station & 15 minutes walk to Myeongdong! food stall and restaurant nearby i think this hotel is one of many hotel that have best price and good room, many nearby restaurant especially grilled food, in the hotel provided also the shuttle bis ,so you can go to nandaemun and dongdaemun for free near Myeongdong and DongDaemum and several subway stations Even though great reviews were given to the hotel however the local taxidriver are not aware of this hotel even if we gave them the hotel address in Korean. If you mentioned "PJ Hotel" they could not understand you have to state the full name "Pung Jeong Hotel". The staffs were friendly and able to converse in basic English and even Japanese. Check in was fast and same goes to check out. We were given a King size bed and surprisingly there’s still space in the room for us to open two luggage. However, when we stepped into the room there’s smoking smell linger in the room and we had to open the balcony door to “air” the room. Toilet is big as well. As mentioned hotel local is awesome since walking to two major shopping areas are just 10-15mins away. It is also near to 2 subway station, Chunmuro station and Euljiro 3-ga and also the airport bustop station. There are a lot of restaurants and café around the area before reaching the shopping area and it is worth trying. We didnt try any of the hotel food so no comment for that. Great hotel worth coming bk to stay again. The rooms were so comfortable and clean. very professional. I will be using this hotel again! it was easy to find and the beds were incredibly soft and clean - perfect nights stay. everything was more than sufficient. Location and nice rooms We liked the rooms. The lobby staff were very helpful. Location was surprisingly near all important tourists spots. free shuttle and big room size, comfort very surprised to see the big room that i never see. Services is very good with free shuttle pick up to Mingdong and TongTamoon. regular shuttle bus service The hotel is modern and clean. The rooms are spacious and the hotel staff are friendly and prompt in their service. There is shuttle bus from the hotel to myeongdong, stopping at namdaemun too. In the evenings, the shuttle goes to dongdaemun. After late night shopping at dongdaemun, it is very convenient to take the shuttle back to the hotel because it is difficult to get a cab that goes by meter at that time. Shuttle service, rooms Hotel is nice and clean with modern features. I like the water dispenser. There is a balcony in the room, good for having a cuppa on a cool day. The hotel is not really in the Myeongdong area as it's stil some distance away but the hotel shuttle takes you there. The shuttle service is very regular which makes it convenient for travellers. Very good customer service Good choice of hotel if you cannot speak the local language. People at Concierge are very helpful, they help to make arrangements for our itinerary trips. Love the hotel room facilities. Have a convenient shuttle bus service. Good sized room. Staffs are willing to help. Convenient to go round the city by shuttle bus. hotel location, big room, nice staff The hotel is located between Myeongdong and the East Gate. You can walk there in 10 - 15 mins or take the subway (1 station). I walked to both locations in the morning and the evening. Although the streets were quiet at night, the neigbourhood was good and you felt safe. There are a lot of cafe and local restaurants and convenient stores nearby. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. We lived in the female floor and there was a balcony. The airport shuttle stopped near the hotel and within 5 mins walk. shuttle bus This is the second time of my stay, i choice it again coz i feel comfort of my last stay. The hotel is clear with adorable staff and the most thing that i like it is the shuttle bus, very convinience for the travellers,can save the taxi fees. Clean, rooms are spacious, shuttle service The hotel is very modern with nice decor and the rooms are clean and spacious. There is a hot and cold water dispenser at every floor which makes it very convenient for hotel guests. Only gripe is that the location is not too convenient. You have to walk through an alley from the hotel to get to the hotel and the subway. very new & nice room the room is much higher expectation than I thought it would be. huge & clean, almost like brand new. location is not far fm dongdaemun and myeodong. 3 mins walk to the metro. wifi ava in the room. Room is clean and big Shuttle bus is not quite frequent to downtown. Overall is good, except sometime you can hear people speaking from the room next to yours. staff are helpful, very polite and cheerful hotel location is good ! Especially like the free shuttle bus service but after 11am the schedule will change to hourly departs from hotel to the visit spots which is quite long... hotel room is clean and tidy, room size is bigger then what you seen on the web, you cannot expect too much but sure what you get is worthly then what you have paid ! Will come again for my next visit in Korea. Appreciate the hotel staff for their positive, cheerful and helpful attitude ! Size of rooms, great service, the little things make it great: nescafe coffee maker, great bathroom english channels The hotel is an extremely good hotel with great service and great value for money. It could definitly be a 5 star hotel if it was in a better location. The surrounding area is not so great but luckily it is only a 3 minute walk to the main road or cheonggye-stream and the metro station. A 15 minute walk to myeong-dong. I would definitly recommend staying here as the rooms are great and the staff very helpful Great hotel and great service; would come back” Good hotel just outside main downtown area” Good local 5-star hotel with excellent service” Nice hotel and good location” Quality facilities and great service” Nice location” nice hotel with excellent service” Great room with easy access to shopping” Comfortable room” Good service and location” Great Hotel with achieveable price” hotel with great service and value” Lovely spacious room” lovely hotel and accessible to subways ” 服務一流人位置優越酒店(Must have to try and experience of it)” Good stay” Awesome hotel, hidden gem!” Nice Hotel with big rooms” Big room, good location and great clean up service” Large lovely room” Hotel rooms, clean, service, the hotel overall The hotel is an extremely good hotel with great service and great value for money. It could definitly be a 5 star hotel if it was in a better location. The surrounding area is not so great but luckily it is only a 3 minute walk to the main road or cheonggye-stream and the metro station. A 15 minute walk to myeong-dong. I would definitly recommend staying here as the rooms are great and the staff very helpful Modern hotel, good room facilities The main comment about the hotel is the location. The initial walk down from the bus stop / subway down a well used alley is absolutely true. It's located a short distance away from the main downtown area in the middle of a light industrial area. However this really doesn't detract, you feel like you're in a but of "real" Seoul with real local people, local businesses, local markets whilst being a short distance from all the main attractions and downtown area. We stayed for a week and had a standard double room on the 5th Floor (26sq m). The room was very well maintained and cleaned. A queen size bed with nice linen, which was comfortable. The mattress was firm whilst not being as hard as some asian hotel beds. One slight annoyance was that there was only a bedside table on one side of the bed. The heating worked well (-16C outside in early December!) The bathroom has a bathtub with jacuzzi function with shower over, with a wash basin and toilet with electronic bidet seat attachment (you can turn it off if you don't like this kind of thing). The shower was powerful and hot water was plentiful. The larger twin and superior rooms are larger and have a separate shower as well as bathtub, etc. Opposite the bathroom there's plenty of wardrobe space and robes and slippers available for use. There's an empty mini-fridge in the cupboard, and a safe that can easily take a 15" laptop. The desk, opposite the bed, had the 42" TV with a large number of Korean, Japanese and Chinese channels, and as the hotel really caters for the Asian market this is understandable. There was a handful of non-asian channels, but the only real English 24hr international news channel was France24 which whilst adequate didn't offer much choice, having CNN and/or BBCWorld would have been a nice 2nd option. The desk had a kettle for tea (green tea bags) and a small Nespresso machine (two capsules provided per day). You could get extra coffee capsules but you had to pay for them. Free Shuttle to Myeong Dong, Dongtaemoon, Lotte Departmart Store, Staff understand English, Good room amenities I would not hestitate to stay in this hotl again if I do visit Seoul in the near future. Clean, nice room, good facilities , free shuttle bus service , free wi-fi in room the room is clean, the bed is big. we get upgraded to premium twin. the room is big enough for 4 people . the location is within working distance to myeongding. there is a free shuttle bus service as well. the room is very nice. good value . Staff at Reception and the Information Desk were readily available and gave great service. My group of 3 stayed here for only one night, but we found it to be a great quality place. The rooms were spacious (considering there were already 3 beds in there), bathroom was spacious, and many channels to browse on the TV. Location was fair - there were some decent shops in the vicinity, and it was not too far from a subway stop. Good restaurant on level 1 too. All in all, it was great for a quick stop, and I wish we could have stayed longer. Helpful staff Pretty spacious room given the location. Very helpful staff in giving suggestions and helping with luggages. service is excellent a very nice hotel with excellent service, king size bed for double room, free espresso, just 5 mins walking distance to the station, the staff can speak English and are very friendly and helpful. But the air-conditioner is not easy to adjust to a good temp, it's always too hot, so I turned it off and opened the windows during my stay. Spacious room, tatami breakfast nook, 2 TVs in room, separate makeup & luggage area. This was an excellent choice of hotel. Shuttle bus provided convenient access to shopping within 5-15 minutes away. Mini-mart & 7-11 nearby allowed easy access to milk, instant noodles, simple hot food if needed in a pinch. Location is great and the room is comfortable. Location is great and convenience. The room is spaceous and comfortable. Good service. We got upgrade to a room that have a small sitting room with cafe table and tatame. Location, competitive price Nice location! Very convenient! The room is cozy as well. Big Room, Lovely Staff, Shuttle to Shopping area and airport i would definitely go back to this hotel if i visit Seoul again. three beds and pretty close the tourist attractions and close to metro second time staying here. the people working here are very helpful. and the room cleaners are very eager to clean and keep your room clean. only place that I know in seoul that offers three beds so thats a plus and its near two train stations and offer free shuttle service to myeoung dong and nandamon. Spacious room, nice interior, free shuttle The hotel is located within walking distance to airport bus stop. There is shuttle bus services to major shopping district. These services are really convenient for us to shop till the wee hours. Room is lovely and spacious. I was travelling with my sister and we feel each still has their private space. Overall a great hotel. Will stay here again for our next visit. spacious room, very accessible to public transport, I had a very wonderful stay at this hotel. Its just 5 mins walk to chungmuro station. Thru subway, you can visit all the attractions and shopping areas around Seoul. And the room is clean, spacious, free hi speed wifi. Superb hotel Close to the city centre and convenient for transport Close to the city centre and convenient for transport Clean room, modern and up-to-date hotel the room was clean and up to date, and the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. unlike some other reviewers, i had no issues using english to communicate. there isn't much around the hotel, but it is close to a couple metro stations (especially chungmuro) so it didn't matter to us. they offer a shuttle bus to travel around the area, but we did not use it. also, the airport limo from icn drops off at the nearby bw kukdo, which is less than a five minute walk away. bonus free shuttle to dongdaemun and myeongdong for shopping We had a very pleasant stay! Pleasant service, clean hotel, nice interiors, free room wifi, and free shuttle bus to the markets. What more can you ask for? Their shuttle bus takes you in and out of the hotel to Dongdaemun and Myeongdong markets. Very convenient. I will definitely recommend this place to my friends. The only minor problem we had during our stay was that our room was located at the end of the hallway near the patio/smoking area. We could smell smoke from inside our room. But luckily they provide a portable air cleaner, so it was alright. Two Queen size beds ! Nice Hotel Room with two Queen size bed. We are travelling with our twin 7yrs old and they simply love the rooms. We are able to sleep comfortably because of the two queen size bed. You have to get the Premier Twin room in order to have this. The large LCD TV was a plus for us. Bathroom was big with two shower points with one being a bathtub! Toilet Seat was those electric type bidet spray with dryer! Lol! There is even a small dining area with another smaller LCD TV! Overall a very nice hotel to stay in Seoul. Staff is friendly. Will come back to this hotel during our next visit. clean up service I had four night stay and was pretty much pleasant and relax. The room is big and the location is good for those who would like to do the shopping at MingDong and Dondaemun market. The one thing that I was pretty impressed is their housekeeping services. They always keep my room clean and neat. The only complain of this hotel that I can think of is the staff English communication skill (I have to use Japanese to communicate with them). Overall, good value for the price. Lovely large rooms with two queen beds ! The premium double bed room is perfect for family with children with two queen size beds enough for all to sleep comfortably. The bathroom is spacious with one bathtubs and one shower screen. Not forgetting the electronic toilet seat with bidet spray and seat warmer function. Perfect. Overall a nice lovely spacious room. Will come back during my next trip. highly recommended hotel with a great location” Groovy hotel with great coffee shop” Polite and helpful services towards customer ” Super easy get around in Korean Center location” Great locatin and only 5 mins walk to subway” PJ Hotel” Great location and service with friendly smile” The room was comfortable and we enjoyed our stay” Very nice, clean and comfortable hotel.” Hotel is spacious but remote location ” Cosy Lovely Hotel & A+ for the Shuttle Bus” Lovely hotel ,looking forward to go back.” Lovely hotel with shuttle bus to the downtown” Comfortable hotel with amenities” good location with spacious room” Lovely Hotel and Excellent Service” great convenient hotel” Lovely hotei service with very nice smile ” lovely hotel and helpful staffs” Good location” location of the hotel is superb we love this hotel, the staff are friendly and the bathroom is really really nice and hightech View of Seoul, large bed, location This is a very convenient location for seeing Seoul, and the facilities are excellent. The coffee shop serves great espresso. The walls between rooms are thin and so noisy orgasms in neighbouring rooms are clearly audible. Clean and tidy This is my first visit to this hotel I was fully satisfy with the hotel services with warm wellcoming on arrival and friendly service during my stay and departure. All these gave me a good impression. PJ hotel will be my first piority of my next trip to Seoul and I will recommend to my friends and relatives. Location Location Location Its only 10mins walk from the famous Ming.Dong Hotel is well located and very good services. Staff are the best english speaking i came cross in Korean for my week back there. If you want to get around in Center Korean. this is the hotel for you. Shuttle bus to shopping areas every 30 minutes Staff can communicate well in English and friendly. Hotel location is great with numerous restaurants and a 24-hour convenient store nearby. Free shuttle bus to popular/shopping areas every half hour; free wifi availalbe. The room is big .. good location It is a good hotel with nice and big rooms. It is clean with good and quick service. Also the staff in the hotel is also helpful, they are always willing to help. Moreover, the location is also good because it is near the MTR station. Convenient, Clean, Spacious We actually pay extra charges for a triple room upon arrival, the extra charge is reasonable. Triple room is spacious with 3 beds, and a small living room. There are 2 waredrobes near by the door, where you also take of your shoes and a small make up table which is spacious enough too. Toilets are clean and spacious with a separate shower room and bath tube, what i like is the toilet, it is just the same like the one i saw in Japan, which temprature is adjustable, so that you wont feel cold when having your private matter Clean rooms and neat shopping areas. We enjoyed every bit of our stay. The hotel was a great help as well since it can drop you off near the shopping areas. Easy to go to shopping ,tourist places and the airport by bus I love everything that this hotel prepare for us in the room.great service and good location Excellence customer service and the hotel facilities is higher than expectation the hotel located at remote area and the hotel facilities are higher than our expectation.staffs are very helpful and have fluent english speaking. unbelievable that there is free shuttle for tourist travelling until 2am. Scheduled Shuttle Bus Free! this hotel is just perfect. it offers free shuttle bus which helps us a lot. the hotel quite hard to find if the taxi not familiar with the place. the room was great. cosy bed, clean toilet & its just terrific. nothing more can i say. a very recommended place to stay & might consider staying here again on the next visit. cons : no one will carry the bag to your room. all self service. Cozy,toilet is big & clean,friendly staff I stayed here for 2 days & found the service is good and the hotel facilites very good (free wifi in room). The room was large and bathroom well equipt. After 2 days I move to another hotel located in Gangnam & I miss PJ hotel so much.Looking forward to go back ! 4 star I made a reservation for one superior room, but due to fully booked, they gave me a suite room. Thank you for the hospitallity. Free shuttle bus service spent last 4 nights of our 9 days trip to korea in this hotel and it has to be the best value for money hotel. excellent housekeeping and hotel staffs are friendly and able to carry out basic english conversation. free shuttle bus service is a very nice touch from the hotel although i did not get to used it as the hotel is just a short and safe walk from chumuro station, bypassing a few food and groceries stores. pj hotel allows us to keep our luggages there 3 days before our check in dates as we made a trip to jeju, which i am grateful for. family triple room for 3 is best! difficult to find at first but hotel provides shuttle for convenience so good. Free shuttle vans to shopping areas every expectation was met with the exception of not enough bath towels on hand. new comfy rooms me and my family had agreat time at this hotel. the rooms were new and lovely. the location, very coveniently located near airport buses and 4 major subway lines. lots of eating places just a few minutes walking distance away,. convenient shuttle bus free of charge. the only down side was no aircon during our visit coz maybe the weather was pleasant but you will need room with good airflow coz it could get hot. Bus smile food It was.very nice stay I would like to do it again in same hotel with the good location and very nice and helpfull stuff with nice restaurant big and spacious room with balcony The hotel room is clean, neat and comfy. It is convenient located that it only takes few minutes walk to subway stations and it also provides free shuttle bus to major shopping areas. We enjoyed our stay. spacious room, with balcony and good natural ligth,overall pleasant stay with good clean rooms Quite spacious room, with balcony and good natural ligth, over all very clean with good room facilities. Buffet style dreakfast was satisfactory. Location was good even though closest metro stasion was five minutes walk away. For guests with car hotel underground parking is available for free. Staff willing to offer services at any time. Overall stay very pleasant and worth the money. modern hotel with spacious rooms” Fantastic Room w Fabulous Facility” Very nice and convenient hotel” Great location, great rooms!” Affordable hotel with 5 star service” Lovely hotel with fair location.” PJ Hotel” Service was good” Very convenient location and nice room. ” clean and nice as it shows in the picture” Clean rooms of adequate size ” new & clean” Very nice hotel” Great location with nice, clean rooms.” Nice hotel with satisfactory location” Excellent service and spacious room” the room is big enough” the hotel has improved since my last visit” Great shoping location for a good price” Good hotel ” staff very courteous and efficient and you had value for your money with rooms well sized with good amenities location can be deceiving. when you arrive at the airport there is an airport shuttle that will drop you off at a stop and then you have to walk about 5 min thru an alley of small stores and shops. i was a little apprehensive at the beginning but then after we came out of the alley there was the hotel. it is modern and has shuttle buses that go on the hour to bring you to shopping districts. even if you take a taxi it is only about 2-3usd to get from the hotel to the shopping areas. so it is well placed except that it seems to be in an area which is quite run down. if you walk around however you find these small restaurants with excellent food and good service. Central, ez access 2 popular shopping malls like Dongdaemun u get wat u see, absolutely no lies abt tat!!! great facilities : ice dispenser, hot & cold water dispenser, spacious room, many socket points, friendly concierge Convenient and close to tourist spots Got upgraded to Suite because of availability of the twin room type. Room is huge, but the layout of the room is a bit weird though, anyway very cozy and nice room. Staff is nice and helpful. Close to 2 different subway stations that you can access to different subway lines very easily. Hotel also provides free shuttle buses to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun areas. Excellent location The location of this hotel is superb! However one improvement I would hope for is a "premier/premium double room", I stayed in a standard double, the room was relatively big, but had poor air conditioning, I had to open my windows to cool the room (it was Autumn). Wonderful cafe at the bottom though! free shuttle bus, good location 1 king size bed and spaces big enough for 1 large check-in bag. Avg size toilet with amenities refilled everyday. ( They even have free face mask! ) 5 star hotel with price still affordable. Nice room size and decor, and cleanliness. Almost everything about this hotel is commendable, from decor, room size, service to cleanliness. Location is fair, although it would have been better if it were nearer to the subway station, or the major shopping districts, such as Myeongdong. good location, great service, clean and tidy, perfect Everything is perfect with reasonable price. Personally, I think every places are within walking distance, so do not need to worry about traffic, and service are excellent. You get everything you need in the room, and two big tele in the room, in general I would def. choose this hotel for my next stay! free shuttle bus to maedong and dong dai moon We arrived the hotel at 7am, checkin available only after noon time. Service was excellent. Hotel was clean. We've borrowed the outlet plugs / umbrellas, the service at the bell desk was awesome. Location - 20 mins walk to Maedong. Free shuttle bus in every 15 mins in the morning from 9 to 11am. Or simply take the taxi, which cost less than 3000won. Convenient location, near to both Euljiro-4-ga station or Chungmuro station. Room is nice and well equiped. People are helpful. Very nice hotel, although limited options of restaurant around the hotel. Anyway access to the nearby like Dongdaemum and Myeongdong is very easy with just 1 metro station away. Hotel also provides free shuttle buses to these areas. Airport bus stop is also just a few minute's walk. Highly recommend this hotel. room is comfy signage and direction from bus stop and subway is not clear enough.... Friendly staff who are helpful This hotel is conveniently/centrally situated near ammenities, subway station (within walking distance to 2 stations), as well as touristy spots. Shopping was conveniently close by. Staff was friendly even with a slight language barrier but nontheless, helpful. Non smoking rooms despite requesting for one but the balcony was, in fact, better. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. New and near to place of interests Surrounding a little run-down but hotel is newly furnished and spacious. Good location The location of the hotel was wonderful.I loved to stay this hotel.The receptionist was very friendly and helpful.The room was big and clean. Location and friendly staff As everyone says, when you first arrive to the hotel, you wonder where you are but once you realize how centrally located you are to central Seoul and all the touristy areas, you begin to take back your previous statement. It literally is a 5-6 minute walk to the Chungmuro subway station which is on line 4 and 3 with are great lines for being in Seoul. You can easily walk to Myeongdong, Namdaemun and even Dongdaemun if you wanted. The staff was very friendly and helpful when we asked questions. We stayed in a Triple Room with the balcony (not the little living room) and found there to be a good amount of space. The beds were comfy and the room as well. 3 adults stayed in this room easily. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Nice and clean room. Good facilities. Friendly staff. The hotel location is good, few minutes walking distance to two nearby Metro stations. Rooms are spacious with a balcony. Staff are friendly and helpful. Well spoken English, locations, free shutte to main tourist attraction spots greeted by friendly porter at the doorstep. their receptionists have great command of english. at all time, one of their staff will press the elevator button for you when they see you walking to the elevator and greet 'hana sae yo' (hello). bright and spacious room. separate area for wardrobe and luggage. desktop is available in the room for use. free wifi and lan. i find their free shuttle is bonus. shuttle bus is available every 1/2 hour in the morning and later of the day is about 1 hour. you can really shop till you drop as the last ride home is 2am. the route includes myeondong market, nandaemun market, lotte department store to name a few. will stay at this hotel again whenever i'm back in seoul. the room is big well, the location is alright, need to walk about 10 mins to the station but the room is brilliant! close to myeong dong Small things tweaked, like a free coffee press in our room, decking on the balcony improved. Overall nice hotel in a quite good location, once you have gotten over walking down the dark side street (still safe though!) excellent room We stayed one week and were very satisfied by the location, service,price and proximity of the subway. Very modern and clean rooms, pleasant service and personnel. Newly build hotel Clean and spacious room I was surprise to find an expresso maker machine in the room, also a tea set. The hotel location is about 10-15 minutes walking distance to metro station, but it provides free shuttle services to shopping area and metro station. Great hotel with a lot of "extras"” Good facilities and big rooms” Nice hotel and Good service” Clean” Great hotel at Central Location ” Nice room, very clean but quite a long walk ” Lovely hotel with great location” Nice hotel for the price” Clean & New hotel interior” good and comfy” PJ Hotel” Great hotel in Seoul - highly recommended” Lovely rooms, good location” Good service and good location” Convenient and perfect” Great hotel at reasonable price ” Hotel with great services” Nice hotel which is centrally located” In between location and chic furnishing” Great location and nice service” Fast Internet and free flat screen computer Great little hotel although located in the dingier side of Myeong-dong (actually it's Inhyeon-dong). As mentioned in other reviews, you have to walk about 200 meters through a dirty alley and you start second guessing yourself. But the hotel finally appears and it had great service, lots of help from friendly staff, free flat screen computer with internet in the room, flat screen TV with a few english channels, free daily bottled water, and free shuttle bus to the shopping districts. So all in all, our stay was very enjoyable. Quite near to Myengdong, 5 min walk to station, clean and big rooms Rooms are bigger and nicer compare to hotels at Myengdong. They have a security door at each level. Suggest to take taxi at night instead of taking tram as the walking route might not be that safe, However, day time is fine and it's a just a 5 min walk. This hotel staffs are very good! i stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. this hotel staffs are very good! the front desk clerks are very friendly. and they can speak japanese. it is good for japanese traveler to stay at this hotel! of course, the room is widely and cleanly. however, it is a little longer from subway station. you should walk about 5 minutes. but, this hotel have a good location! near this hotel, there are a few convenience store and a lot of korean food restaurant. if you go to myong dong, you should take a subway from chungmuro station. it takes only a few minutes! by the way, i tried to walk to this hotel from myong dong. it was about 15-20 minutes. if you like going for a walk, it is easy walking distance. Shuttle bus service i like the location of the hotel. it's near the busy myeongdong, but not too far from insadong/hongdae. the nearest subway station is about 5-10min walk from the hotel and streets are a little dark at night. if you feel lazy...you could always opt to take the shuttle bus service offered by pj which stops at the main tourist attractions. the room is very clean and the bed is very comfortable! there is also a little balcony in the room which makes it a great place to chat with friends at night..or viewing the early morning of seoul. there is family mart (a convenient store) where you can get breakfast and try some of the korean snacks. English speaking staff, centrally located had a small problem finding the hotel when we took the airport express over. but after that, there is nothing we dont like of it. the rooms are decently sized and the location is really superb. hotel has also buses every hour sending you to the shopping areas. on a few occasions we wanted to explore on our own, the front desk helped us wrote the korean words of the places we wanted to go for the taxi drivers, which was very helpful. we will most likely come back again! Room is very clean and comfortable, friendly staff Everything always come up with the extra charges, we ask to check out 1 hour later (we stayed there 6 days), but they will charge more for that. All extra request always come up with charge. Anyhow, the room was clean and very comfortable bed so we forget all bad points. The hotel is quite a long walk from the station, we went there on rainy day, so we get wet on the way to the train station to catch the shuttle bus to Airport. It's not convenience at all but at least the hotel provide shuttle bus from hotel to the bus stop, but we still get wet anyhow. Big room They upgrated our room to suite. The room was spacious with separate lounge and bedroom. very clean, friendly staff, good location. I want to point out that this hotel mainly caters to Japanese tourists. The staff does speak both English and Japanese (I know because I speak both). Cons: Although hotel is conveniently located in Seoul, there is not much to do within the immediate vicinity of the hotel. It seems to be located in a printing town. There are many shops running printing presses. Cleanliness The staffs are very helpful.The cleaning ladies' are polite, helpful & quick in assisting our needs.My daughter loves the convenience of the ice dispenser just outside our room. Free shuttle services to the shopping area is a plus. reasonable price We were rushed for the biz trip, my colleague booked us in, but that was a nice and warm hotel to stay, having good spot to part our car.. good enough for the business trip, wish we will be able to go back there again. Staff are helpful & always provide excellent services to customers We booked 2 twin room & stayed for 3 nights from 17/7 to 20/7. We have 5 people including 2 kids & 1 elderly. We didn't prepare much about this trip coz our holiday was confirmed late. Thereafore we need a lot of information from the staff in hotel, eg booked coach to Everland, staff are excellent & make all the reservation for us & we can just follow! Really appreciate what they did & would like to recommend others to choose PJ! Good location, great rooms, nice staff fairly centrally located in an interesting neighborhood with helpful & friendly staff (which is rare in korea), large rooms with your own pc, a very big & comfortable bed and a nice view over seoul (we stayed on 8f). if you book without breakfast go and eat outside, the breakfast buffet is not worth the money they are charging. highly recommended place. well decorated, clean rooms, proximity to metro station PJ hotel is very conveniently located with free shuttle services to nearby attractions. However if you are walking in from the airport shuttle do take note to walk straight down kia motor alley all the way to the end. Not many shops are open at night along that stretch of road so it may feel unsafe but it is very safe. conveniently located with good frontdesk support The hotel is very conveniently located, you can go for late night shopping like at Lotte Mart (Seoul Station), and it's just 2 stops from Chungmoro Station (ten min by walk to hotel). The service is very good, the staff can speak English well. They were understanding and helpful when I threw up in the hotel room during my stay there, and for that I'm immensely grateful. Free Wi-Fi within the room and US outlets Out of the three hotels my family and I had stayed in during our visit to Seoul, PJ Hotel is definitely the best one. Each room has free wi-fi access, numerous US outlets (no need for adapters), and water dispenser in front of the floor elevator to refill water bottles. It is perfect and convenient for travelers. Location is about 10minutes walk to subway and the mini mart is right within the building. Free wifi in each room This hotel is great for its price. Great service and free wifi in room which is really convenient. Wished I stayed here longer. The stuff are so helpful i stayed a night in pj hotel with my friend. we two had few huge luggage and most of the luggage are very heavy. the stuff is so nice to help us to find the taxi as most of the taxi will not want to ride us as the distance we going were not far. besides that if we got any question you can just ask the stuff they are all helpful. the room is nice and we do not feel like going just want to enjoy the facilities in the room. if there is any chance i go korea again i will still choose this hotel. it takes 5 minutes walking distance to the subway station. Clean and spacious room. hotel staff were polite, room was big and spacious and well-equipped. excellent view of central seoul from our room on the 10th floor (view includes a view of the n seoul tower) Convenient 15 min walk to either Doraemun or Myeongdong, new hotel, good quality build Although a bit hard to find at first from the closest coach stop the hotel eded up being a very convenient 15 min walk from both Dongraemun (cheap shopping mall area) to Myeongdong (more brand name main street area), as it is situated right in the middle of the two areas whcih as approx 30min apart. Clean an new hotel, they have strict check in times. Strategic location the hotel is very near to the metro station. the interior design is very new and comfortable. masks are even given to us during our stay. however. they should improve their english level. luckily, some of them can speak fluent mandarin. Fabulous Hotel-Rooms were big / Location not so gd” Nice hotel” Nice hotel with good service” Clean rooms and good location” Spacious room, location OK” Great Experience” Good Service, room is nice and big” Great Service and good location” Excellent service + convenient location” Great location, fantastic quality ” Convenient location” Great Hotel. One of my impression in Korea.” Happy to have stayed in PJ Hotel. Cl” Comfortable and convenient.” Lovely hotel and service with a smile.” Excellent hotel at great location” Nice Hotel, location good” Great hotel in Myeongdong District” hotel clean and staff very helpful” convenient location is good for tourist. ” Shuttle Service!!! / Nice and very helpful staff / Clean / Free Wifi / Would consider staying there again in the future It was a rush booking this hotel. But found it to be better than my expectations! The room was very long, with nice separations between toilet, closet, bedroom and a lifted floor for tea or balcony depending on which rooms you got awarded. (I got the lifted floor and it was quite nice) The rooms were clean and the area was very nice. One of the best things is the shuttle service they have, however I only managed to used it to get to the City Centers rather than returning back to the hotel. Location wise, not what I would expect, the area didn't have much - seems like a paper factory surroundings. However, taking the taxi from the center was easy and reasonable. But overall great experience and would recommend! Good location Check in time is 2:00 pm. and check out is 12:00. The room is clean and quiet. Ice machine is in front of the elevator. We've got seoul tower view room. Many typical korean resturant around the hotel with avery good test also 3-4 convenience stores. ATM at 1st floor open from 7:00 - 23:00. Shuttle is every half an hour but taxi is more comfortable and not expensive. Spacious room with two dressing tables and a balcony, hotel service is good and location is not bad The beds and room itself is spacious! Room has alot of cups in diff sizes and even a thermal mug. I particularly like that the room has two separate dressing tables so me and brother do not have to fight over it! Enjoyed morning breakfast at the balcony though there is no marvelous view. The hotel staff are helpful and speak good English and reacts promptly when we call for service. Hotel is within 5-10mins walking distance from subway. Hotel also provides free shuttle service to places such as dong dae mun. However, what i dont like is that the aircon in the room doesnt seem to be working. Temp was set at 20 degrees celsius and maxi fan speed but the room was still very hot. Hotel staff said they can only bring a fan as alternative. Hotel also does not provide toothbrush nor body moisturizer unlike the other two hotels i stayed in Korea. If u want to borrow their adaptor, there is a deposit of KRW10K required. Also, their tv does not have alot of channels - not even Mtv. Overall, still a nice quality hotel! near shuttle bus stop, clean rooms, hotel has shuttle bus service to nearby shopping sites the hotel was conveniently located near the airport shuttle bus stop. rooms were spacious and clean and surprisingly the bathroom had shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and even masks! the hotel offeres a shuttle bus service to nearby shopping sites, otherwise at night there is not much around the hotel. a good stay overall. Got a upgrade and the room is really spacious! Original book two twin room and got a upgrade to Triple room (I think) which is one king bed and one single bed with a small living room area. The room is really spacious and clean. Location is OK, took a airport bus from Inchon airport and around 3mins walk from the bus stop. Walk to shopping area 明洞 is around 10-15mins. There are a small Family Mart close by. Overall service is OK except upon we check out, the receptionist insisted us to took back one of the key card which left behind in the room and return to front desk with a long cool face. What a service! Great Location - away from the crowds but close enough to get to everything The staff were very professional and always willing to assist with all of my needs. The location is great - away from the crowds and craziness of Seoul but close enough to the subway to give you access to everything around Seoul. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice quiet getaway. Big room Big room and good service. Staff are very helpful and polite. However, although hotel is near the underground station, it is quite quiet to walk from the undergound station back to hotel at night, not suitable for female guests. Also, even the room is non-smoking room, can still smell smoke from the ventilation system (may be from other room). free shuttle to nearby shopping location comfortable environment and clean room very good location Easily reached by airport bus limousine The check-in process is very efficient and is completed in 5 mins. The counter staff can speak decent Japanese and English. Moreover, the staff are friendly and make visitors having a feeling at home. The room size is acceptable with a balcony. It was a nice experience staying at PJ Hotel. Room was brand new, very spacious Was a random choice since everything else was sold out, but i was pretty surprised at how nice it was. I wasnt expecting much but it was the best hotel I have ever stayed in Seoul and will stay there every time from now on. Very close to the station which is why i picked it. Everything seemed brand new in the room and even had a tea area. Definitely recommend. Clean, efficient & helpful staff, shuttle service, near subway & airport shuttle bus the members of staff were all very kind & helpful. they are very strict with the 2pm check in and 12noon check out. however, you can leave your luggage and relax in the reception area or use the pc in the business area. the food is ok if you like japanese or korean food. the price is reasonable too. the shuttle service is very convenient for shopping and going to the city centre. the rooms are spacious, beds comfortable. i love the heated toilet seat. i would recommend and use the hotel again. NIce room and service. It was my first time in Korea and PJ hotel was one of my impression with the tidy 3 bedrooms. There were lot of stuff supplied in the room. The location is not far from shopping center( able to walk to) and 1 block from airport bus stop. The hotel was not too busy. There was one thing I would comment was that the air conditioner has been off until May. I understood that it was winter but it should be able to turn on. We needed to open the terrace's door whole night. However I spent 3 nights there and everything was fine. And there's no breakfast. Clean room. Good location. What I saw from Internet is what I got. Beautiful charming room. Very comfortable beds. Clean , nice crisp beddings. Very clean toilet and bath. Good location. Walking distance to church and shopping area. Love it! Room was well appointed. Appreciated pick up by the shuttle. Chose the hotel because of traveler ratings and were not disappointed. Room was very comfortable and the staff was very helpful. Neat and hotel space well planned. Staff are friendly. my mother and i truly liked pj hotel, not only because its location is convenient, but also because the room made us feel at home. the bed and quilt are really comfortable. we slept quite well after a whole day shopping. we also liked the facial masks provided. thank you so much! Room's big and facilities are new The hotel is one of the top one among four star hotels, great location, convenient to get around. The room is big and clean, facilities are new. Receptionists speak English and are very helpful. The hotel got shuttle bus to ming-dong. Will stay here again. worth near the station and have convience store and restaurant around there. But only the air-conidition is not good. Price, location, and room condition Check in was a breeze. Hotel is located near Chongmuro subway station which is within a 5 minute walk. Big room and free wifi is always a plus. front desk, toilet, location well, this was my first time visited south korea. i have read the review of this hotel before. in reality, it was not much different. hotel located in between the myeong-dong, dongdae-mun market, and namdae-mun. i must say it was easy anyway to reach out the place since the hotel supply free shuttle bus to myeong-dong and dongdae-mun from 8.00 am - 18.00pm and 19.00 pm - 22.00 pm. i would suggest the hotel could provide shuttle bus from the incheon airport. besides that i would give 9.0 / 10 the location is good for connecting to subways and shuttle bus to airport. only few minutes walk. I love the balcony and the amentites provided. smooth wifi connection. the receptionist is nice. nice shuttle bus service to/from dongdaemun, myeong and hotel is not on time. the local korean bbq meat restaurant nearby the hotel is very nice and in a cheap price. Great Hotel and Great location” a very warm home” Excellent hotel” Excellent location and nice room” Nice hotel, good location” Great Hotel but no room service.” clean and comfort hotel” Instantly accommodating, very welcoming” Great for value. ” Room is pleasantly comfortable” Warm hotel with a lovely balcony” Big room with good location” Good Location” Nice hotel and near subway stations” Lovely hotel with a great location” nice and clean ” Far from the city center but accessible” Great Family Room with Nice hospitality” Great locations and clean hotel” Good Value Hotel ” Very central to where we wanted to be, felt very upscale, great coffee shop in loby we really enjoyed out stay at the hotel. if you want to be in the downtown area, this is a great choice. you can get so many different places within just a few subway stops. the hotel felt new and very clean. nice little balcony and heated toilet seats were a bonus. Good Location with big room! Just a 5 mins walk from the subway, rooms are big with balcony, warm air is provided in room, bed is big. Perfect for business or a city break excellent hotel with excellent staff. clean, well ran, friendly, professional. very good! we booked a special deal through agoda, but the hotel did not have the specified room so gave us a suite. the room was spacious with a great view over north seoul, the bathroom was a little small given the size of the room but this did not detract from the whole hotel experience. thoroughly recommended. a slight if any would be it's not very close to the subway stations. chungmuro is the closest and a 5 to 10 min walk away, there are ample taxis around though. I really liked the hotel. The hotel is lovely and staff are really very polite and helpful. I got a nice view from the room. A really BIG bed. The location is relly convenient, in the middle between 3 metro stations, and very near to the airport shuttle. The hotel itself got shuttle bus to famous spots. close to the metro, hourly shuttle bus nice and clean room with a large balcony. beds are comfortable and the room comes with extra pillows and blankets. front desk is available 24/7 and are very helpful. the hotel doesn't have room service and only one key per room. Very clean and cozy with comfortable beds. I come here often. My favorite suite is the traditional Its a great place to just relax. There is wifi in the room and nice amenities such as toiletries, complementary water, coffee and tea, a tea stemet and tea cups. The robed and slippers are great after a bubble bath and the Hi~def Flats Great. modern, clean and comfort modern design, very comfortable, spacious deluxe room, clean toilet. worth staying, ideal location. near myeongdong shopping area - walking distance. taxi cost you 2500won to myeongdong. shuttle bus to major shopping area available from the hotel. will stay again for next visit to seoul. Great staff with perfect English and great advice. after a long flight and big day ahead of us, the staff at pj were so welcoming and easy, we were in bed in 5 minutes. there's not heaps going on in the immediate vicinity, but all the best tourist sites are only a short train ride in all directions. a perfectly 'equidistant' hotel for seoul tourists. buffet breakfast is adequate, but not served by robots. all staff were very pleasant. can't fault the place. Spacious and well designed room spacious and well designed room, close enough to chungmuro and eujiro metro stations (within 10 minutes walking) Deluxe Double Room is suitable for a solo traveller Pj is close to the tube station though i needed to go through a market complex which by the way was closed n dark at night!! It was a nice stay but i might try another hotel for my next visit. Good location and free shuttle bus It is located near a small market, middle to dongdamun and Ming dong. Although a bit old nearby, it is clean, warm and good in service. I often use the free shuttle bus to Ming dong during daytime and dongdamun at night. If the price is still reasonable, I would like to book it again for the next visit. 5 minutes to subway station, shuttle to main tourist spot comfortable for family with 2 children, near to subway station or take shuttle bus to main shopping/tourist spot Good Location, clean, comfortable hotel provides shuttle bus to/from the station and the hotel. it's really very convenient. and i can walk few minutes to myeongdong and do my crazy shopping and there are lots of restaurants around. besides, there is a family mart downstairs of my hotel. the airport bus station is near the hotel. A hot and cold water dispenser was just beside my room I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The room was clean and new. The staffs were friendly and helpful, the check in and check out were so quickly done. Although the location was not in a main tourist zone, the hotel was easy to reach. There were 2 subway stations near the hotel, euljiro 4-ga station at the back of hotel and chungmuro station just few blocks ahead. There were also 2 airport limousen stations near both stations, only 10.000krw/person. The hotel also had some buses which ready to drop guests at some locations, such as myeong dong market, nandaemun and dong daemun market. Family mart was near. The only thing i dislike was no restaurants and cafes around...but since it was near to subway stations it seemed not a big problem :) clean and modern It was a very nice hotel. Clean and modern. the staff was very friendly and spoke english very well. spacious it's a great hotel. although the location is not too best but its good enough for me with the value worth. they have shuttle bus to the popular shopping malls, so rest assure on transportation. they have mask for all the guest on the 1st night. actually it is located between Myeongdong and Dongdeymung. shutle service to major shopping center pj hotel is located "outside center" the city center and is surrounded by wholesale local stores )mostly paper products. it's busy during daytime because of various businesses surroundung the hotel but peaceful during nightime. though it's rather far from the established shopping areas in the city, the regular shuttle service makes it convenient to go around the city. the rooms are very modern yet quaint. the traditional low table is cute. amenities are superb. our only comment is the buffet breakfast. it should have more variety of dishes. big spacious room, very clean, value for money and english speaking receptionist & concierge makes convenience for asking directions wonderful and given a chance, we will stay in pj hotel again the next time we want to be be near dondaemun market and myeong dong :) very recommended for family or even couples. locality is near to shops and eatery One of the best in terms of triple sharing as bed and space is ideal for 3. Locations is near to all shops and eatery and all within a 5 minutes walk in any directions as the Hotel is centrally located. Train station is nearby and easy to understand. staff is friendly and even had different pillow to suite your sleeping habits..... We be back !!! Definitely a value for money.... Clean and spacious room for a great rest. one of the best budget hotal around the world in terms of cleaniness, spacious and locality. top up with the service you get from the staff and the transport service provide by the hotel to the various tourists attractions saves up all our inconvenience and time as this is our first trip to seoul. even if you do not wish to travel much there are enough eatery and shops around to pass your day.... good choice for travellers !!! Nice Hotel with friendly staff” Pleasent hotel” Lovely room” Location” Budget Hotel with 5 Star Service” Service are Excellent” Room are excellecnt” affordable price for 4 stars hotel !” Hotel very well located and confortable” Clean and cosy hotel with comfortable bed” Small but sweet” Wonderful Hotel with kind hotel staff.” Nice location, good service” lovely hotel and service with a smile” Friendly staff. Comfortable hotel.” Nice and clean hotel with friendly staffs” Great Location for Shopping in Seoul” Hip hotel” Great Location and spacious room” Very nice hotel but is hard to find from airport b” Helpful staff, great rooms, location not bad the hotel was quite nice, very clean - very impressed and happy. the staff were quite helpful even with their limited english. the hotel was ok located but they had a free shuttle bus service which could drop you off and pick you up at certain points. Big room Really love this hotel. Very big room exactly as seen at agoda web site. Double double queen bed can accomodate to 4 person. It has tatami living room, very nice. Big nice room I am glad there is shuttle bus to shopping area. There is 2 route to diffrent area. Room is big and clean Shuttle bus clean room, has balcony, everything is good. hotel has shuttle bus to shopping area. service staffs are helpful, shuttle service provided and location near shopping district the servgice staffs are friendly and helpful. most importantly, they have a rather good command of english. the location of hotel is near the wholesale centre and mrt station. shopping district is also within walking distances. the hotel provides good shuttle service to and fro shopping district. The room are very big and comfortable The service and room are excellent; the only thing which are not too good is that no taxi driver would understand if you ask for PJ hotel.... as they have changed the name awhile ago and a lot of taxi driver are not use to it. Big room with mini living room Very good room service, cleaning tidy everyday!! Excellect Job~! big room : ) i have been PJ hotel so many times. i love its service and guest room is also really nice. Big room and clean. Location we stay at pj hotel from december 2-4. we really like its location; walking distance from downtown and two metro stations from different lines. the hotel is confortable, clean, quiet and the staff is very kind. however, breakfast is not included on the tariff, which you would expect for a 4 star hotel and the price we paid. this hotel is ideal if you go to seoul for sightseeing or shopping. i wouldn´t stay in it if i had to go for business. if you decide to stay in this hotel, you can you can have a good "continental" style breakast at "paris baguette", one block away (except on sunday when everything around the hotel is closed). if your are staying for the first time in seoul and you don´t know the city well, just take bus nomber 6015 from the airport ( won), which will take you directly to the hotel. look for the paris bagette sign and walk down the ally 100 mts. this option is convenient if you are travelling light. the bus ride from the airport will take around 90 minutes. Clean room, free shuttle bus services guests will need to walk about 5-8 minutes from pj hotel to the subway. if the timing is right, guests can actually take the free shuttle bus to myeong dong streets and dongdaemun. staff and receptionists are able to converse in english and they are able to direct us to the nearest subway and bus-stop to board the airport bus. what i especially like is that pj hotel has clean and modern rooms with excellent wifi coverage. one improvement that they can work on is to replenish the mineral water bottle daily. The service is quite good. Really patient staff. i stayed with my boyfriend in pj hotel when traveled to seoul. it is quite convinient and you can take airport bus to get there. the hotel room is smaller than i thought but it is really sweet. they gave the best service and even gave free masks (really efficient). it was quiet inside the room, and the city view is wonderful. jjust one thing to be improved: they don't provide iron and iron board to costomers. Everything (Room, Location, Hotel staff) I reserved Deluxe Double Room but they assigned me Suite Room. I would like to say thank you for that. The room is of course wonderful and I have nothing to complain or claim about this Hotel. large bed, clean room, in room wifi i loved that it provided a king bed when i requested 1 bed. The in room wifi was a huge convenience relative to all other hotels that i have been staying. Location is not too far away if you are ok with a walk, and it is conveniently located near various subway stations. It provides an array of toiletries except for toothbrush/toothpaste which i found to be a weird omission in the service given all the other extras. balcony with seoul city view, wifi in the room. very enjoy staying this hotel because the location in centralmof seoul, you would not got lost yourmway back to hotel, just pj anyone understand where is the hotel,the hotel also provide courtesy bus to all shopping place even the last bus run at 10:00pm. in the future gotna chance to seoul again will bring my wife to stay pj hotel. Close to interesting part of town. On shuttle bus route. A few misunderstandings when I was given the key and the room was not ready. Wifi didn't work immediately. Both problems were attended to promptly and efficiently. Excellent room. Friendly staff. It was a bit of a hike to the station with luggage, but access by bus or taxi would be easy. On shuttle bus route from airport. Close and convenient to interesting sightseeing areas around Myeondong. large, clean and newly renovated rooms; 5 min's walk to subway station The surroundings is a bit messy. Hotel is close to subway stations. Shuttle bus frequency is a bit low at night. night view from the balcony is great. and they set table and chairs. enjoy beer anytime. have to say the room is narrow and long. i don't like the room type. but the balcony is great. broadcast of shuttle bus is only in Japanese, quite uncomfortable. besides, shampoo is good, even than Novotel Doksam. Price and quality First opportunity to stay at PJ hotel from the usual Lotte Hotel in MyeongDong. First the price is much cheaper while the quality of the room is very similar which i was very impressed. Staffs are very professional and friendly and they can speak english very well. The only let down was i requested early checkin when i made my booking but when i turned up at 10am the hotel cannot offer me any rooms until 2pm. Location is excellent for commuting, with good proximity to many subway stations and MyeongDong market is a short 10 minutes walk from the hotel. Overall, i will stay there again if i don't go for business but for leisure because the impression of the hotel doesn't represent a good image of my company when customers picking me up from the hotel. Free wireless Wifi and great location I've stayed with PJ hotel for a several times,I can say I definitely satisfied with every single night a stay here.Especially when i come with third person, PJ is always my first choice as there's room which comfortable and spaciously can fit in 3 adults.There's also provide free shuttle bus to few shopping spot it really save you a lot of transport expenses. Huge bedroom, very neat and tidy. We love the size of the room which my 3 sons has space to run around. This place provide hot/cold water and ice in the hallway and 2 bottles of water in the fridge. Everything is neat and tidy and room serve was excellent. When we check in they didn't ask to leave credit card for security. My son broke one of the glass in the w/c and they didn't charge us the fee. We sleep 2 adults and 3 kids (3/5/7) in 2 Twin beds. Is very close to Myedong, taxi is about $2700 won and one station to it. The only thing we don't like is many Taxi drivers don't know this place, they just had their name changed, and the A/C shut off in the middle of our first night (for no reason). Bell boy was very kind he help us kept our luggage after check out and offer to call taxi for us to Seoul station. You can see many Japanese in the building because is a nice place. We will come again. Nice, comfortable stay, in a great location” Great hotel, good location with friendly services” Good managed hotel at good location” Clean and comfortable ” Great hotel hard to find location” Clean and Spacious Room” helpful staff” Excellent room and at a good location” Great hotel...” not the best location but great rooms” superb hotel in seoul ” Awesome hotel!” Lovely Hotel” great hotel and good design” Great Location” Nice and spacious room, great shuttle service! ” Nice and comfortable rooms with good service” Great hotel” Hotel that is value for money” Pleasantly surprise” room is nicely decorated, new, and clean..frequent shuttle bus service to key shopping districts Stayed there for 2 nights. The room is new and comfortable, with simple and nice amenities. Hotel staff are generally helpful and the shuttle bus to myeongdong area runs frequently. everyroom have desktop with attached internet, friendly staff Good welcome of the staff, willing to help on any demand of us. The rooms were clean and tidy. Great location access to nearby interesting location and destination. Thumb up. very clean, nice rooms and good but quiet location Nice stay here for one weekend. It is very convinient to get around with a MRT nearby, restaturants and coffes in walking distance. High priced but very comfortable and extremely clean rooms Desktop provided!! This hotel provides desktop computer with fast internet access!!! Besides, I can also enjoy the free wifi in my room not just at public area like other hotels. Room is clean and big!!! The lighting at room is bright!!! Restaurants inside hotel very nice hotel close to chung pro station however the direction that we had made it very hard to find. when we did find it was very nice exterior and very modern interior. rooms are nice and bathrooms spacious. breakfast buffet is good for the price. korean restaurant in the basement is quite tasty. hotel staff was great spacious the room is clean and spacious. but my room does not have wi-fi access. take a while to figure out that there is a business centre that i can have internet access. staff is friendly. but the lane from the airport shuttle to hotel is very quiet and dark. overall, the hotel is good for is value. comfortable rooms our air conditioner was leaking and the staff were very helpful and had it fixed immediately - The layout of the room is spacious and cosy and comfortable..... the checkin staff are polite and could speak fluent english. generally, the hotel has a very nice and clean ambience, its very suitable for couple or family stay. subway is merely 5 mins walk from elijiro-ga 4 line. when i revisit korea in seoul again, i will certainly to stay at pj. The spacious room and cosy feel, clean and comfotable. the fact that i re-booked this hotel for my family to stay again after returning from jeju island, tells you how much i love to stay in this hotel. but pls keep it affordable, in spite of the popularity its gaining by word-of-mouth. very spacious room, comfy beds I was a bit impressed with the quality of this hotel, advanced technology with touch phones in the room, very spacious and clean rooms and comfy beds. Our washroom had a jaccuzi and a shower and the typical heated toilets. There was a seperate walk-in closet room and there was a nice tea area as well. In terms of service, they have shuttle buses that will take you to myeong-dong or dongdaemun, convenient for when you head out but probably not when you're making your trip back to the hotel A bit pricey and would only recommend if you're not on a budget. Located right in the center of Places! Food and Shopping lovely pj hotel! spacious room with all the amenities you needed to travel oversea. nice decoration and a very comfortable bed sheet!! the hotel located in the center of seoul which only walk 10 mins to all the shoppping places! and 5 mins to find local food restaurant. i highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again next time in seoul Spacious rooms my stay at pj hotel was awesome. the rooms are huge and there's even a balcony. for those who smoke, u can just smoke in the balcony area. hot or cold water dispensers can also be found on every level in the corridor. in terms of accessability, it is just 5mins walk from chungmuro subway station. heck, if you're just going to the major shopping areas in seoul, pj hotel provides free shuttle services to most of the major shopping areas such as myeongdong, dongdaemun and namdaemun which is awesome! staff at the lobby were also very helpful and they are able to speak english. i needed to knw how to get to gimpo airport and they were able provide me with all the information i need in english. overall, i'm pretty happy with my stay there and wld highly recommend it! Location, transport, close to metro lines stayed at pj hotel for 2 nights, had a lovely king size bed, room was spotless clean and very quiet, stayed on 8th floor where there was free internet access, staff very friendly and helpful, breakfast was good value for money, would definitely stay again and good location close to shopping and markets. good locations and easy transportation good services, nice and comfortable hotel, also very easy to come from the airport free shuttle ride to Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, Lotte Department Store, and other shopping areas. We arrived 9am, but check-in time was 2pm. We were then asked to pay an additional fee if we would like to check-in early. Staffs can speak English, but they are more fluent in Japanese. Many Japanese stay in this hotel. Rooms are a bit dated or old, but everything is clean and safe. They offer shuttle rides everyday to shopping areas. It is located at a quiet street surrounded by printing shops, but near to Myeondong and Dongdaemun. Airport Bus 6015 stops at Chungmuro Station which is very near PJ hotel. There are small groceries, a lot of local eateries, and KFC near PJ Hotel. They also have a computer with internet in every room. Convenient shuttle service, clean rooms, helpful front office staff who speaks english fluently. the hotel is not visible from the main road if you alight at the chungmuro subway station bus stop of the airport express coach (service 6015). look out for a signboard directing you to the hotel that's placed quite high up on a pillar of the building right at the bus stop. thankfully, the hotel's shuttle service runs regularly and covers most of the shopping and food places so its very convenient. the staff were very friendly and the service was great, the rooms were clean and spacious enough for 3 adults. i was traveling with my elderly parents and it was a very comfortable stay in pj hotel. good rooms, good service, free wifi, good shuttle bus. free use of computer in room. the hotel is about 10mins walk from the myeong dong cathedral, located among a stationary and printer's district. overall we enjoyed the stay as the rooms were kept very clean and the staff were very helpful. Good rooms, ample business facilities Very decent rooms. Actually provided business facilities, meeting space which was very useful. Proximity to city is okay, a short walk to the nearest subway station and airport shuttle... though a little awkward with suitcases but still okay. Value for money The room was clean and comfortable. The airport bus and metro stations are around 5mins from the hotel which may be inconvenient if you have lots of luggage. Well located, decent room size and balcony with lovely city view The hotel is approximately 5 minutes walk away from Chungmuro station however need to pass through a narrow and quiet walkway which may not be so appealing if you need to go back hotel late at night. it's a small setback for the great value of the hotel, good location clean and decent room size. room is nice and big, reasonable price.” Great Location with Balcony!!” Very nice hotel and clean room” Great service with excellent staff” very nice hotel room and balcony” Positive Feedback for PJ Hotel” Comfortable” Very nice hotel with great service!” Location is quite ok but surrounding a bit messy” 15 minute walk from namsan and myeongdong” PJ Hotel” A hidden gem with great rooms.” Good service & comfortable bed” Great hotel with reasonable price” Great hotel, lovely rooms” A nice hotel with a perfect location” Great hotel with good sized rooms and huge beds” Good Deal Lwith large rooms Great Hotel” Big room” Lovely” shuttle bus to shopping area and near the airport bus station there has shuttle bus to main shopping area (Myeoung-dong and Dongdaemun). You even can walk to both area within 15mins. Hotel is near the Chungmu-ro underground station. Room is big enough for 2 guests, maybe even 3 guests. Clean and tidy! I would recommend to my friend. Central Location, Friendly I was pleasantly surprised with this find. It is in the middle of Seoul and you are able to get around via taxi or the subway very easily. As far as the room there was some yellow liquid spilled on the wall and also the shower was built for a person under 5'8 to comfortably shower. Other than those two things great deal!!! clean, good breakfast and good location The hotel is nice and rooms are comfortable.Clean and silent place. Location and shuttle service good location-out of the main area,but with the airport bus and shuttle service it was easy to go shopping and browsing in the areas. the shuttle schedule was very good so we could shop and eat well into the night.the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable, the coffee shop for morning buffet was good. easy to reach every shopping area shuttle bus service is good, staff are nice and Eglish is good too. Easy to reach anywhere as near 2 Metro station. The balcony is really nice and the room is quite big. Provided with Shuttle Bus, free Wifi service Overall satisfy my expectation:- 1. Shuttle bus with 2 routes to Dongdamun and Myeong-dong; 2. Nearby metro station; 3. Walk to Myeong-dong around 25mins; 4. Good house keeping; 5. With hot and cool water supply; 6. Room size acceptable; 7. Nearby airport bus station. Warm and good service basically i stay 3 nites there. premier and deluxe rooms the different is the balcony. i enjoyed stay in pj hotel cos it provided a very comfortable design for travelers. rooms are very clean and modern, beds are comfortable I loved the hotel, it was very clean and the hotel staff was very nice and accommodating. I would definitely consider staying again!! Spacious room with complete facilities spacious room with designed in japanese style. given all complete facilities and shuttle bus is always on time. hotel service is quite good just surrounding not very clean because located in printing shop's street. overall is worth to stay. Great service, engluish speaking staff, close to cool places and cheap food all good, nothing bad to say about the place. balcony. even had a dispenser for free water, ice and hot water on out floor. very clean an functional. Near Myeong-dong Although the hotel is a bit of a walk to Myeong-Dong, but the hotel is quite nice. Transportation is convenient from the airport, stops just a street up from the hotel. I highly recommend this hotel! free wi-fi, large rooms, english speaking front desk checked into pj hotel after my conference south of han river. it is not easy to find the hotel as it is tucked in a fairly distant location from myeongdong. checking in was a breeze with the front desk speaking fairly decent english. rooms were large and the place looks neat and clean. rooms look new and the bathroom is great with the nifty toilet bowl that warms your rear - something that you will find in japanese hotels. the free wi-fi was something that is well appreciated. hotel shuttle leaves on time but not a lot of bus timings though. The bed is comfortable with free in room internet The bed is large & comfortable, clean room. The staff near the elevator is nice & helpful. However, Water temperature is hard to adjust during shower & could't adjust the room temperature as well. The location is a bit far from myeong dong, need around 15 mins. 15mins walk to Myeong-Dong, near to subway station the staff are approachable and the room are clean. the rooms also equipped with wifi hotspot, english and mandarin. more 5* than 4* Clean rooms, close to stay, beautiful hallway, very comfortable stay. The hotel was really close to three different subway lines, N seoul tower and city hall The staff were service minded and was always happy to help out. Big room, comfortable big bed Though hotel was not exactly centrally located, the free shuttle services the hotel provided which ran from morning to night, to and from all the major tourist spots, was reliable. Also it only took about 15 minutes to get to and from these places. The staff were also friendly and spoke English. The concierge was particularly helpful and patient with all our questions and spoke both English and Mandarin. The business center was also welcoming and very well equipped. I would definitely recommend this hotel for both tourist and business travelers. Price, spacious rooms, wonderful bulding, shuttle bus to attractions my stay at the pj hotel was very good. the hotel interior is beautiful. the rooms are extremely large, the bed a double seemed even bigger than a double and was very comfortable. my other than that strange fact, i loved my stay at the pj hotel Triple beds for family or friends Hotel PJ is neat & tidy . Nearby Dungdamum shopping center & close to the 24hrs family mart! It has a lower level connect to the ground floor which you don't have to pass by the front desk during 0600-2400! I highly recommend if you travel with your good friends & wanna to stay at 1 room. You may book triple beds room! It has 3 single beds, and good enough for 6 persons to stay if needed ! Very good room Area needs improvement It was my second time in PJ, this time I came for business. The hotel is excellent and the staff is very helpful. Clean big room with free internet ” VEry good hotel” Great Hotel located Close to Train Station” Lovely hotel and service with a smile” Nice hotel with easy check-in and check-out” New and clean for room, staff can speak Japanese” Lovely hotel but not value for money we paid” PJ - great value for money if you don't mind takin” Hidden Gem” Weekend in Seoul” PJ Hotel,” Hotel” Great comfy and clean hotel, helpful and friendly ” First Time in Korea at PJ Hotel” PJ Hotel” Nice hotell downtown” PJ Hotel” Our pleasant stay at PJ hotel” PJ Hotel, Seoul” Pj Hotel ideally located” Good location, near underground station, free internet wireless in the room 2 choices of breakfast only and have to pay, Not easy to find the hotel. The airport bus drop us on the main street but very difficult to find the hotel esp. at -10 degree Celsius. Korean people have to phone to the hotel asking the way for us. The others is very good and comfortable. shuttle bus to main tourist attractions. clean, friendly staff no shuttle bus to airport, need to walk 10 minutes to nearest airport bus very nice hotel with good location and shuttle bus around hotel to main attractions. good value for money and close to subway stations. would stay again next time i travel to seoul. Nice and Clean Rooms Location a little far from Main Shopping / Business District Good hotel if you are on a business trip travelling alone without much baggage. Train station is a 5 minute walk away however, you may have to go through certain sketchy alleyways which may not be advised during the night. Other than that, if you are on a shopping trip or holiday, Hotel offers free shuttle service to the Myeongdong and Dongdaemun districts. best features of the hotel good hotel next time i have the business in seoul please tell me about this hotel it is good Fast check-in and check-out, filtered water and ice on each floor, free wireless, quiet Couldn't adjust the temperature of the room Hotel was nice and staff was friendly. Had a nice room with everything I needed. Was impressed with the free wireless in the room. Filtered water on each floor along with ice. Hotel was clean and bed was comfortable. Would stay again when traveling to Seoul. comfortable nothing at this moment It was a Western, functional room. I want to use the next chance. Location  Location is ideal if you come for shopping or sightseeing. You are just one station away form the main shopping area, and just a few stations from UNESCO heritage sightseeing. Hotel design is good, rooms are specious and very clean. Breakfast is good. But you have to pass slum area if you walk from the subway and it does not look safe. So it is better to take taxi (by the way it was not very expansive). Plus in our case it was not value for money stay. For more than per day I think you can get more. But if you pay less - it is a good deal. Location, Cost, Value, Quality, Staff assistance  I chose PJ given the proximity to Myeondong, and I couldn't afford some of the more expensive hotels at Myeondong itself. It is worth it. PJ is a good quality hotel, good English speaking staff, nice features within the room and the room is comfortable. Free Wifi, Great Staff, Shuttle bus Location, ghetto alley The room and hotel were great. Once you get to the hotel, staff are very friendly,speak great english and very helpful. The hotel is very clean and what you would expect at any good hotel. The only down side I can think of t=is getting there from the airport limousine. The reviews are right. You have to walk down a very ghetto alley way. But once you reach the hotel, it's all fine. After a few days, the ghetto alley is quite charming. It is the real korea. Small shops, small restaurants. It's quite real and charming. staff, room cleanliness outdated bathrooms My wife, a friend of ours and myself flew into Seoul for a quick 3-day weekend and loved it. The location of the PJ was a 5 min. cab ride to city hall and a number of palaces in town. The area around the hotel was nothing special but could provide opportunities for some great street food and a taste of the local flair. The best thing about the hotel was the staff. They helped us book Korail tickets, gave sight seeing suggestions, and great room service. Enjoy Love the customer service Can hear noises through the wall.. Love the customer services...however can hear noises through the wall. Price & Services ,Hospitality None Hotel location are not located near to the main road, need 5-10 minute walk from MRT & Main Road. Airport bus stop at this MRT station. Quite convenience. They are provided very good services from their staff,very kind support ,hospitality& helpful. Hotel also provide Hotel bus to shopping area. English speaking staff (believe me, this is a huge PRO!!!), helpful and friendly, acommodating, clean rooms, shuttle bus around the city, computers in some rooms, free wireless internet, and computers available for use in additional hotel areas. Doesn't have additional features (i.e. pool), and I guess rooms could always be a bit improved, we stayed in Beijing and in other hotel in Seoul so comparing overall this place was excellent! Excelent place, good value for money, good central location if you don't mind being in crazy busy downtown, but very close to many sights, close to subway and all kinds of shopping (open 24h). great location, cleanliness no breakfast included The room is spacious, clean and modern. The fridge is empty, but you can get hot/cold water and ice from the vending machine near elevator for free. The hotel is located in a very good location, even though many people say that it's quite far to walk to underground station, but it's actually not far at all, probably 5 mins. My family and I even walked to and from Myoeng-Dong shopping district. If you like to walk, it's only 15-20 mins walk. The chongdokung palace is pretty nearby, but maybe a bit too far to walk. For those who don't like walking, the hotel also provides free shuttle bus service to shopping areas, i.e. Myoengdong and some other markets. The hotel also has all amenities and toiletries in the bathroom, so you don't really need to bring much. location be inattentive to customers It's clean and comfortable, the rates are reasonable, and you can't beat the location - it's right downtown. Nice large rooms, clean and bright, excellent staff, close to Myeong-dong None. Were really pleased with this hotel. It is clean and bright, large rooms with closet, make-up table, desk and even a in-room computer with internet acess. We stayed on the 8th foor which has a businessarea with computers and a printer free of charge. Walking distance to Myeong-dong (about 15min) but the PJ is located in between two subway station, about 5min away. 24h family mart on ground floor. Great hotel, we will be back :) Everything Nothing As my first visit to Seoul, I am appreciated this hotel so much. It is located in heart of downtown, you can walk to Myeong Dong market. Room is great, new, no smell and very clean. If compare price to the other hotels with same price, you will easily find out that this hotel room much bigger that others. The hotel is not far away from the Airport Limousine bus stop,room is clean and hotel has free shuttle bus service to favourite shopping spots.Free Internet usage and free wi-fi We stay at the corner room and the big double bed fit in a tight space which difficult to get into bed. We arrive with airport limousine bus 6015 and hotel is about 100m away,not difficult to find and safe to walk back late in the night.Hotel have good amenities,a kettle for hot drinks,hotel have free shuttle bus to popular places.Free Wi-fi so my daughter can use her iphone.There is a family mart too.We like the hotel staff who are friendly and speak English well.Room is clean and pleasant.We definitely will stay at PJ hotel again and will recomend it to my friends.Keep it up PJ! big rooms; frinedly staff; close to a subway station could be difficult to locate at first because it is not located along a major road The staff are very friendly and extremely helpful. The rooms are quite big too. Overall we had a nice stay in this hotel. - Clean room - Nice lobby - great PC and screen - quite location - friendly and good service - small TV I stayed at PJ hotel for 4 nights and had a great stay. The staff is very friendly and assists when ever needed. Housekeeping does a good job and has the room always clean on time. The lobby is modern and bright and does give you a clean and welcoming feel. The doormen are very friendly and assisting Very cool hotel, great location” Feedback on PJ Hotel” PJ Hotel” PJ Hotel” Pj hotel is great for the money” good ” PJ Hotel in Korea” Perfect for the money..” PJ Hotel” Hotel PJ Seoul- Poon jong” Agoda Hotel Review” Have a very pleasant stay at Hotel PJ” good value” PJ Seoul - A taste of Asian Hospitality” PJ Seoul - A taste of Asian Hospitality Part 1” THE PJ EXPERIENCE” PJ hotel” PJ Hotel Seoul” P J Hotel” Great stay at the PJ hotel” Bathroom (I'm a bathtub girl!), things to see around the hotel(walking distance from MTV/Nickelodeon, movie theatres, pet shops, and a cool musuem. Getting to the hotel from the subway exit was a bit daunting, but fortunately a local elderly man walked me all the way to the front steps of the hotel from my subway exit! Gotta love Korean hospitality! I really enjoyed my time at PJ Hotel. The only thing that distracted from the experience was the rainy weather when I visited in November. There was a shuttle bus that was available in the morning to take guests to different drop off points, which was a definite convenience. There is a lot to explore by foot if the weather is nice, too - I passed Japanese restaurants, a pet store, and lots of shopping in my brief foot tour of the area. location great, staff friendly, clean and attractive In the business centre, only 2 working PCs/internet access for all hotel - one PC not working, told printer not working but no sign of it anyway Comfortable stay, sparkling clean room, pleasant staff. Hotel is in a great location, close to markets, shops, eating houses. Worst aspect was the limited internet access for guests without their own laptop. The so called business centre consisted of 3 PCs, one of them out of action, so it was not very convenient compared to other hotels we stayed at in Korea where all rooms had their own internet connected PC. We wanted to print a boarding pass, but no sign of a printer in the business centre. On enquiring we were told it was being repaired (but this sounded like an excuse as there was no sign of where it would have been in the centre anyway!) - spacious room - good value for money - great service - far from subway station (comparatively far walking distance) - no shopping or nice restaurants around (need to take bus or subway) PJ hotel is great for its value for money and service. It's quite far to walk from the subway station, though. It was hard to find good restaurants in the area. large rooms, very clean. Great bathroom tubs. Liked that shampoo, rinse, and body wash dispenser in shower saves on waste and small bottles. Helpful staff provided directions and even a crib and stroller for my friend's baby. Shuttle service convenient. Room had an echo due to its size. Walls kind of thin. I was very impressed with the PJ Hotel. After arriving at hotel and asking for directions to Myeongdong, Chunggyecheon, Insadong, Jongno, these popular areas are actually very easy to find and within 10-15 minutes walking distance. cheap ..very clean and nice far from everything..no good restaurants near by.. over all .. i stayed in three different hotels in Seoul..and this one is by far the best one...very clean and modern and has all the amenities i needed.. business center. nice sauna/spa house..good english speaking service..and my floor had its very own lounge which was very cool...my only problem is that theres no good restaurants nearby if you get hungry. Location good. Room good nil my mum got ankle sprain during the journey. The staff helped us to contact the transport and one of the staff even drive us to the airport at his off duty time without charges. Thanks a lot. Highly recommend !! Hotel room & tolie is Clear and the staff is nice !! Location is still good is need to the subway If Hotel can add more suttle bus from Hotel to Myong Dong that will be great !! The Hotel is very Nice and clean !The room is quite big. Hotel location is OK ,Take the Airport bus from Inchoen will be arrival . Next to the hotel have bank conenient for me to change the money and the transport also OK . Have Bus & the subway for me to choose ..And they near the shopping area Myong Dong . ^^ If hotel can be add more suttle bus form Hotel to Myong Dong or Gimpo Airport is more Very clean and nice for the price..had no complaints about the room we had at all..nice amenities..and balcony in our room faced a nice view..very close to chungmorro station..maybe 10min walk.. The area it is in sucks if you want to be around restaurants or stores..the stores surrounding it seem to be only prints shops or weird stationary stores..not much restaurants or attractions close by..you definitely have to take subway to somewhere if you want to go to good areas.. overall if i were to come back to seoul korea..this would definitely be the hotel of choice and where i would like to stay..i stayed there 4 nights and enjoyed every night of it.. the staff is very friendly and speaks english very well..also there is an airport shuttle walking distance..and must.. most important was the cleanliness. The Concierge is helpful its quite difficult to let the taxi know the hotel's name The staff is very helpful and the rooms are big enough with a huge balcony that we can put our luggages outside..However the shower running water is quite small compare to other hotels makes difficult to take shower. Nice facility, friendly staff at door and at reception. Rooms spacious, clean and well kept. So so English.Heat did not work so well. It was too hot and thermostat did not work. Over all it was a good value for the money. The location is good, not as good as the Metro or Hotel Prince but reasonably good. The free internet was good, as was the free business center. The rooms were spacious, well kept and neat. The staff was friendly and helpful- English somewhat limited.Heat did not work so well. It was too hot and thermostat did not work. Helpful staff and clean Location a little out of the way, small rooms I would definitely recommend the hotel for the discerning traveller. The hotel stall is very helpful and made out stay at very pleasant. Very clean Nice rooms with comfortable beds Very friendly and helpful staff with reasonable English Good location (once you find it) The Hotel is a little difficult to find on first visit I had a pleasant stay at Hotel PJ and it is certainly good value for money. Its well located in Meong Dong. The staff are very friendly and helpful and most speak enough English for a non-Korean speaking person like me to get by. The rooms are clean, the beds comfortable and a delicious breakfast is served. The only challenge is finding Hotel PJ the first time from the bus stop where you get off the Airport Bus. My suggestion is to ask the driver for directions which should be to walk back about 100m then follow a lane way (to your left) and continue down it for around 400m. Just when you think you should give up you should exit the lane way onto another street and be looking directly at Hotel PJ. Clean, warm on a cold winter, friendly staff hard to find even do an airportbus take you to 100m from hotel entrace... I will recommend these hotel to any traveler going for a few days to seoul., hotel clean and staff friendly. from the airport get bus 6015 directly to hotel bus stop 100m, keep walking for 100m and you find hotel entrance. enjoy P.J. and Seoul Great Rooms with fridge and coffee facility Very freindly and helpful staff Proximity to metro and airport shuttle Poor Business Centre No room service The Hotel is really good value for money; the rooms are really first class and there's a fridge and coffee facility in the room. The staff are really freindly and extremely helpful and with a basic understanding English which makes things easier. The only down side is that there is no room service. However, I would definitely stay here again if I come to Seoul. Helpful Staff Great Rooms No Room Serice Poor Business Centre The hotel room are really great and hotel staff very helpful and level of spoken English is more than adequate. The hotel put me in a deluxe twin room as there was no availability of twin for the whole duration of my stay. There is no room service however there is a fridge and coffee making facility. Also there was a flatscreen in both the sitting room and the bedroom. Really super hotel! quality and size of rooms and accessibility lack of restaurant choice especially the timings the hotel is easily accesibile especially from the the incheon airport via the bus which drops you w1ithin a walking distance to the hotel,also very convienient location and close to seoul station,major restaurants,shopping etc.the rooms are excellent and well furnished and staff is very helpful and freindly,overall a good place to stay especially considering the price great value for money.the immidiate vicinity or neighbourhood is not so great but any way good place to stay considering other features. spacious room, convenient heating system I quite enjoyed my stay there. The hotel is close to the subway, only 5-10 min walk to the station. The receptionists there were very polite and most of them can speak good english. The room was very spacious. The only thing I didn't like about it was the heat. It was turned very high during winter and wouldn't allow us to adjust the temp. The room was so stuffy and we had to keep the balcony door open all the time. Staffs, hotel facilities. not the best location. PJ hotel is not located in the best location, if you visit Seoul for the first time and using airport bus. Otherwise everything else is cool. Clean room, Big size, nice staff, long stairs no Family Mart near hotel P J hotel is convenient. With big size and clean room. Staff are nice and helpful. Long stairs in front of the hotel and no convenient shop near the hotel~ The room was more than I expected, I received a two bedroom suite that had a huge living room as well, free internet, clean, welcoming staff. there needs to be directions listed to get to the hotel from the subway, which exit to take and then what direction to take. I arrived at night and even though I had printed out a google map it was hard to find without some instruction. The room was more than I expected, I received a two bedroom suite that had a huge living room as well, free internet, clean, welcoming staff.
 Great location & clean, comfortable hotel!” Nice stay, good location” 우수” Best Location! ” Close to CALT and COEX” 우수” Nice location ” perfect location to CoEX” Good stay” Very enjoyable ” Good location ” Nice Stay” Good location” Clean and close to traffic” From its location to facilities.. perfect for travelers!!! :)” good location and nice people” 우수” 우수” Excellent option near COEX” Convenient for biz trip” Always one of our favourite hotels in Seoul. The location is great just across the Hyundai Dept Store + the COEX mall as well as the Samseong subway station and the airport bus terminal (though not in operation due to Covid-19 at the moment). The rooms are small but the place has everything that you need. The rooms are clean. Thank you. Clean and comfortable single room with all amenities. Warm and helpful reception staff. Very good location, City Airport Terminal, where you can check in your flight and hope onto airport bus, is just across the hotel. And shopping malls and subway station all connected. Will definitely recommend this hotel. The location is perfect. Walking distance to the bus station & subway. A lot of food restaurants in the vicinity. The room is a bit small but clean. Staff are friendly and can communicate in English. I usually go for my business trips around COEX and I've this hotel which is very convenient. It's located on the best location which I can manage my time well because the Airport City is very near! Highly recommended for the traveler who needs the great located and not expensive hotel near COEX. Convenient location. Just opposite City Airport Terminal which you can check-in your flight and take limousine bus. Coex and Hyundai department are also there too. The staff was nice. They allow me to enter the room after I arrive there before check-in time. + near to COEX mall (around 5mins walk) + very clean and complete amenities + receptionist is very nice and helpfull + spacious room + near many good restaurants Its not that spacious but location is very nice, clean, comfortable area Just infront of hotel there is airport terminal COex just 3 minutes walk, since it just across the street. same as City airport. only across the street . so, no worry about your luggage . in city air port, u can check in ( + luggage), and immigration . so, at the airport, you can get in from special line ( kru line). very easy and convenience. also, if you wanna take air port bus ( they named it Limousine bus) , u can buy the bus ticket , also depart from city air port. only, if you want to take MRT, u need to have a walk ( only takes 6 minutes) to samseung MRT exit 5. Alway happy with this hotel - good service from the staff, fast and efficient. Great location, workout room, good breakfast. Had a wedding at a nearby hotel and this hotel was more than half the price of that one. The room was a little small but the bed and pillows were comfortable. Loved the convenience of having a McDonald’s and 7-11 right underneath and Hyundai Mall right across. Hotel so near to the airport express bus and the train. So easy to get anywhere with the train. All kinds of food, shopping, 24-hour convenient store, coffee places are all walking distance. Greatly recommend. Close to City Airport Terminal, Shopping Malls and Train station. There are many restaurants nearby. Staff were nice and friendly. Great for the value and location close to subway station and no serious outside noise. clean and new facility. Everything is perfect for traveling Seoul~!! Especially the price is so nice~ enjoyed, thanks, GOOD LOCATION AND NEARBY AIRPORT SHUTTLE BUS AND PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION, BUT THE WALL OF ROOM IS THIN,SO SOUND CAN GO THROUGH MY ROOM. GOOD LOCATION AND NEARBY AIRPORT SHUTTLE BUS AND PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION, BUT THE WALL OF ROOM IS THIN,SO SOUND CAN GO THROUGH MY ROOM. Great reasonable option in an excellent location. Satisfied-! 우수” 우수” -” Good Gangnam hotel!” Again” Vacation” 우수” nice stay” Their service is excllent. ” 우수” Convenient business hotel” Great experience ” 우수” Good location” Great location for Coex” 우수” good location” Very near to COEX for trade shows” Nice & clean hotel, helpful staff” Value for money!” Clean, the size is just nice for 2 person, staff are friendly( despite communication breakdown), very near to Coax. Great location: convenient for departure flight, easy access to transport. Great shopping and restaurants as well! - Clean room, comfortable twin beds, good design. McDonalds and 7-11 downstairs, open 24/7. Top choice for Gangnam area! 2nd time here, great location and good sized room for a solo traveler. Coex is directly outside the hotel. Staff is professional and polite. It was a perfect location for the end of our vacation. It's across the street from the City Airport where we checked in for our airline and shipped our luggage. We took the airport bus straight to the Incheon Airport from there. The only drawback was the cigarette smell in the rooms. I had requested the change of the room but the second room also smelled like cigarettes. Excellent and clean, very nice design and amenities. I would recommend this place for those wanting to stay near the COEX and business area. I always stay here when need to attend an event at the COEX convention center. It's clean, usually very helpful staff, IT works well. Lots of restaurants nearby. My only issue is the elevators - only two for the building and no service elevator, often wait a long time. They need to manage the service staff activities so as not to compete with busy travelers for elevator. The hotel staffs are very friendly. The best part of the his hotel is its location, it is located next to the City Airport, where you may take a shuttle bus directly from Airport to the City Airport. Maid didn’t changed bed sheet in someday and always forgot to provided amenities in bathroom. Location are awesome with beside Coex and convenience for airport bus stop and subway, Convenient location for CoEx. Plenty of restaurants and convenience stores nearby. Good value for money. Beyond expectations, staffs clean the room everyday and were friendly. The room is clean and neat, worth staying. Will book with hotel peyto samseong again for my next trip! Location to Coex exhibition hall is excellent. Breakfast quality is a bit dissappointed. Very good location, close to city airport terminal, opp coex with lots of restaurants, will be back again I've stayed in this hotel a couple of times before. Brilliant location for Coex and very convenient having the intercity airport terminal (CALT) just in front. Nice and clean hotel. Value for money. i needed to stay near coex, hence my choice to book this hotel. staff's friendliness was okay, i didnt feel very welcomed. i like the room, its small and cozy and simple. i would book this hotel again. Very convenient location We choose to stay at this hotel because we need to take shuttle bus at City Airport to ski resort the next day. The staff are very helpful and can communicate in English well and the hotel is nice and clean. It is also walking distance to Coex Mall. New hotel near to Coex, 5-10mins walk to metro station. Dylan; The front desk staff serving me during check in was very friendly and helpful. Rooms are clean and beyond my expectation for the price I pay . Definitely recommend this hotel if you have meetings near Coex. Recommend” Nice Staycation spot” 우수” One of the best” good site and good price” 우수” Good stay” Great location” 우수” 우수” Good” Regular visitor. Very satisfied” Nice hotel with good transport links ” Not far from subway.” Convenient and pleasant place to stay” A good place to stay in Seoul” Nice hotel” Hotel with good location” Best location ” suitable for business travelers” There's a bus to the airport just across the street, and a great location to stay at for exploring Gangnam. Easy to catch taxis and not a far walk (for me) to get on the subway. Good tourist travel information in the lobby which helped us add to places we already planned for. Clean, and inviting -- very nice lobby, and had a very comfortable bed in a quiet room. Second time for us staying here. Location is great — short walk to Bongeunsa temple and the Han River. A little older, but clean and comes with a bathtub. Location is quite far from subway, but near to Han river and able to walk. Good place to stay I know the hotel well from many years ago. It's situated in a very convenient location. Good price and great location Comfortable room and very friendly staff. Helpful staffs, but manager isn't Very comfortable room. The staffs were patiently and friendly . Worth it I think my room is suitable for bussiness guy who will have a meeting or done. It is not good mood for couple but very clean and comfortable. So I recommand. I suggest you use a swimming pool when you stay here Room on the small side but everything else very satisfactory. Good service at front desk and concierge. Got a good deal + airport bus right across the street. Location right near good food in Chungdam Shuttle bus from airport is very convenient . It is located close to COEX shops and exhibition area. The staff are very professional . This was my third stay and I will return . Good for k pop fan but quite high price Very convenient with clean rooms. I like to stay here because it gives me a comfortable stay. A proffecional staff Very nice The airport bus stops right in front of hotel, which is nice. Hotel is a little dated, so not deserving a 5-star rating. Staff was friendly. Good location clean, staff, and location very comfort Still a stylish hotel” Not too bad” Good location, clean, comfortable, affordable” Good hotel for visiting Gangnam” Good location” Great for the Business Traveler” Autumn in Seoul” Location!!” Good value, great location.” Value for money” good stay in Seoul. Friendly staff” Very nice hotel” Comfortable stay” Great value” great location” okay” Convenient and Comfortable” comfortable” Conference Stay” good location, helpful staffs, easy to move ” Great Korean service and style Although aged this hotel still has very good style and service, nothing to complain about at the hotel but a long walk to the subway. Friendly staff, cleanliness, good service The hotel was okay. Staff were friendly and the rooms were overall clean, but they still need room for improvement. Wasn't so new as I expected. Need refurbishing. location, free wifi and parking, cleanliness Location, staff, dining Good location for visitors to Gangnam Location, Convenience, stores Have beening staying in this hotel since late 90s. Location and office nearby are the main reason for me to choose this hotel. Spacious room, stable wifi, attentive staff I stayed in the Superior Double room. Comfortable bed and work space. Minor things like no free instant coffee or toothbrush were my only complaints. Other than that, great room and location. Very clean and comfortable. Spacious rooms Superb Location Japanese Food Staffs Always stay here !! 5 * great location!! Staff, price and location Great stay as usual. For some reason, I keep on returning to this hotel. Very quiet. Older building but remodeled interior. price, space, location The room was very big given the price. The hotel is a little bit old itself but clean and comfortable. Can easily get to the most expensive areas in Seoul. friendly staff, walking distance to subway, and very clean hotel Very good stay in Seoul with friendly staff and nice hotel room. good location, fast check in/out, friendly staffs It was great. value, location, staff High spped internet, easy access to public transport, well equipted facilities service, location, size Overall it was nice. Inside the hotel things cost a lot though. To sit in the coffee shop and relax with some morning coffee costs almost twice as much if you took it out. I got room service one day, a coke was not on the menu but i thought it cant cost too much, $12!!!! For a coke!!!! Shame on me. location location location Convenient venue, nice staff and confortable room. Both the wired and wireless networks are stable and speedy. Early check-in was possible, though we needed to wait for 1.5 hours before our room was ready. We were able to leave our luggage to the hotel, went out for breakfast and came back to check in. The overall experience is good. centralise, confortable, easy to access to main attraction very comfortable and whenever visit , i stayed many time in seoul gym, pool & free internet Excellent, nice distance from COEX. Breakfast was overpriced. the gymnasium was fantastic, as the pool. easy access to most of recommended place in gangnam, very near to chungdam subway station, strong wifi, very helpful staff I reach early at hotel around 9am, so I requested early check in. I heard from hotel that early check in would be required extra pay equivalent of half day stay. But they help me to check in after one hour without extra pay as soon as room is prepared. I had kimchi soup for breakfast while I was waiting just near hotel. There is really famous casual restaurant for kimchi soup in gangnam. It takes only 2-3 min by foot from hotel. Hotel room condition was very clean. I liked bathroom with large bathtub Location is very good. You can access easily to nice place in gangnam such as garosugil, gangnam station, coex besides very very near to chungdam subway stataion and club Great staff,large bathrooms, but small rooms.” very good” comfortable” nice and clean but nothing really special” Convenient to go to Coex, comfortable room.” Close to the clubs” Good Hotel, Good Price, Great for nightlife” Comfortable” Nice & comfortable stay in busy travel schedule” Good service and friendly staff. ” Friendly service and nice room in Gangnam” Nice, Well Located Business Hotel.” Good hotel. Quality in all respects” Well run hotel” Perfect accommodation in Seoul” Friendly and helpful hotel” Nice room in a great location” lovely hotel with lovely rooms” Lovely hotel and good service” good for buisiness” Cleanliness, nice staff, location Good stay. Rooms are too small and bed is too hard but other than that, it was nice. close to business location, friendly staff and good room Staff, Internet and cleanliness food and location average. free shuttle bus to Coex, comfortable and clean room, internet ascess. The receptionists need to improve their English. Some of them don't understand some requests of the clients. Location, View, Staff It was good. Two friends and I stayed here for two night during the weekend while we went to a music festival at Olympic stadium. Over priced for what you get. Unless you are interested in going to the two major clubs across the street, this place is off the beaten path a bit as there is nothing else really within walking distance. The nearest train stop is also a hike away to, so plan on taking cabs most of the time. Cabs are really cheap in Seoul, so this was not a huge problem. Close to river, Nice facilities, Clean The fitness center and spa. The location. The English speaking staff. Clean & comfortable room Feel at home in the room, high speed internet also helped me to check mail & browse internet & as well as Skype communication. Breakefast was not included but it could be better if breakfast is included & we will request Agoda to consider this. Service, central location, shuttle bus to airport. Good and hassle-free stay. Good location for a standard business stay. A regular 4 star-like city hotel right on a gangnam main street, just down from the coex mall and good in-house spa services. Only stayed for one night but received excellent service in the form of dining recommendations, directions to local night life, and 90 min massage from in house spa. Also, a reasonable rate for the location. Rooms with proper facilities, attentive staff and good security. Generally, the hotel is nice, well located and its service is excellent. Facilities in the room reflect their attitude to serve the business traveller......both WiFi and cabled internet connections available. The only things I am not too happy is that they tend to be less flexible than I expected. I had a flight delay and had to re-check into the hotel. They refused to accept by request for a half day charge for the room.As I had no choice, I went ahead to accept their full charge for a day. Loaction and service the hotel is a quality establishment, clean, comfortable beds... and convenient to convenience stores, train stations... and easy walk to some good and inexpensive restaurants. Well located Check in was quick and staff very friendly. Always friendly smile. Was waiting for airport limousine bus and they kept me updated on progress. Only there for one nite which is usual difficult to get a good rest but this hotel was an exception.  hotel locates in kangnum area, the business area in seoul. very easy to access. nice and clean room. the service is very good and polite. free wifi service is available at the lobby with very fast speed. there is shuttle bus to incheon airport every 15 min. charge at won take about 1 hour. from incheon airport, take bus number 6006 to the hotel Location Easy to move around in Seoul when I stay in Riviera Hotel. Hotel was in a great location and had very comfortable beds. Overall my stay was very nice. The hotel staff was courteous and even had a room available for me at 9am. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were very nice. The only thing that was just okay was the breakfast I ordered in the morning. nice clean room with reception staff very helpful I liked it and would recommend it to anyone going to Seoul good staff, nice locality the hotel car was on time for the pickup, at the hotel their was a great welcome, nice co-operative staff, clean room and nice food close to night club facilities are good. staff are very kind. B1 night club is very nice. Good Location with very nice staff” Clean” 우수” Good location” 우수” Great room!” 우수” Clean and spacious ” Good location” Good Location” It is clean business hotel.” Amazing hotel” 우수” New comfortable hotel with great accessibility ” New hotel, very clean” good hotel ” 우수” 우수” Great” Great hotel” 5mins walk from 2 metro stations 2mins walk from airport bus stations very helpful staff we’d love to stay again next time visiting seoul Stayed twice in this trip. Satisfied. Very clean and comfortable hotel, close to public transportation. Lots of restaurants nearby. Drugstore and coffee shops are within walking distance. 2 subway stations and a bus stop nearby. Happy with the stay! The room only with one pillow, so we request 1 more pillow with hotel. About 5mins walk to subway station, station mapo is more nearer to hotel but gongdeok station is more convenient for few lines transit. CU and 7-11 nearby to hotel. Eggdrop and Starbucks just opposite the hotel. It's very clean and enough room size. Especially, bathroom is great. Everything is very new Clean and nice service Location is not in tourist zone Rooms r nice n clean, w auto toilet seats . Location is good, easy to find. They have self laundry/dryer facilities! Was a pleasant stay This is a brand new hotel with walking distance 3-5 min to two subway stations (Gongdeok or Mapo). My family (2 adults and one kid - 8 yrs old) stayed there for 4 nights and we are very happy with the stay. Its near (between) Gondeok and Mapo station (Line 5). For business trips, this location is best if you are in Mapo area. Its a cheaper alternative than other hotels in the same category. Clean rooms. Though you would be surprised of their automatic toilet bowl that everytime you enter the toilet, the toilet cover will open and closes on its own and flushes on its own too. Spacious Toilet and bath. We had very convenient and comfortable stay. There's also a self-service laundry that you have to pay in advance. The ventilator in bathroom is not regulated. All time open and it is quite noisy. There is no body lotion in bathroom amenity. Location is good and hotel is clean. The staff at check in was not really kind and no feels of hospitality. However, on second day, the Ms. Park, Ji myung was so kind enough for me to remain at the same room despite I reserved the other room. Hospitality is really depending on the staff's personality not from the hotel itself. The staff are super friendly, the room is wonderful and the location was perfect! There were a few hairs on the floor on the bathroom on the first day.. 2nd day the room was spotless! The gym is very small and cosy. I think they need to have a cleaner and offer some wipes and hand sanitiser and offer instructions for the AC in English at least. Get ride of the annoying fly! lol! Great place! The hotel is near 2 subway stations. It is also a walking distance from the AREX station. So if you are coming from ICN, it will not be a hassle going to this hotel. Further, the hotel is newly built. Expect that the facilities are updated. Good value stays The room is not big, but it’s clean and new. The pillow is abit thin, would suggest to provide extra pillow. But overall I enjoy the stays in Roynet Mapo :) value for money no restaurant in hotel for breakfast but there is a cafe just outside the hotel Best, reasonable hotel so far Good Great room condition and bedding! Very clean and smart (USB plugs, control all lights from bed, thermostat) all easy to use. Bathroom layout while took. Bit of time to get used to trubed out great and very sanitized. Probably one of the few places I would take real bath. Location wise it is great for transit to any direction as it is very central and hits a lot of metro lines but almost nothing for food and entertainment as tourists. Seems like more of business district.