 An oasis in the middle of a modern city” 최고” Great location with excellent front desk service” Outstanding prices and location.” Good location , good service” Outstanding Price and Location and Services” Perfect location” Amazing” The hotel was perfect ” Amazing!” Great location in down town Seoul” GREAT HOTEL IN THE CITY CENTER” GREAT HOTEL IN THE CITY CENTER” GREAT HOTEL IN CITY CENTER” GREAT HOTEL IN CITY CENTER” Great Hotel Great Location ” The location is SUPERB, faces Seoul city hall and a palace within walk distance.” Very pleasant experience” Everything is super duper excellent” Great place to stay” The location is excellent, just around the corner from the the Citistar Mall which is directly connected to the Seoul subway. There are a large number of Historic sites within walking distance and our room overlooked the plaza in front of city hall. The rooms are clean. The bakery has good baked goods at excellent prices. The hotel is a great starting point for a Korean Adventure. ideally located and very clean Hotel with all facilities a traveller can ask for . Except a cup of coffee is very expensive at cafe almost AUD15 per cup it was a very pleasant stay . Very friendly staff and very shining Hotel premises. Incheon Airport shuttle bus stop is across the street ( 2 minute walk) near Hotel Lotte which is very convenient . The purchase was very last minute as i got 1 night stay upon reaching Seoul Station in early morning and requested for high floor & early check-in. I reached Pesident Hotel ard 11am++ and right at entrance the bellboys immediately helped with our luggage without us requesting for help and front desk acceded to my requests without any difficulties. Although she states that check in starts at 3pm, they still allowed for early check-in probably due to winter cold season & thankfully there are empty rooms available. Overall very satisfied with the 1 night stay here :) The prices the Agoda offered last 5 reservations in President Hotel in Seoul are outstanding during last 52 years experienced travels (I am retired 42 years experienced professionals engineer). The location are marvelous you can anywhere by subway, taxi, buses (I am Korean/American which are perfect Korean and English: not required for all travelers), and I can go old Korean market (I really enjoyed this: so cheap and so good for good memory: so for new comers) and I can write down more but my time and spaces got limited now. Very value money. Comfortable hotel, big room, very clean room, nice service. The hotel very close to metro , walk about 2 mins. Also there is the airport limousine drop off near hotel, very comfortable to come from airport. So happy stay!, only one day stay plan, now 5th days staying. And going to East city on Wednesday, will come back Saturday, and staying weekend again. Location is excellent you can go anywhere you want either subway, bus, taxi with very convenient prices and easy access way. I strong recommended staying this place which makes so happy. This cozy hotel is awesome what can I say its perfectly awesome the location is very near to two subway station the city hall and eujiro and almost the tourist attraction is nearby the vicinity of the hotel around 300meters the lotte duty free is just beside the corner of the hotel and also the grevin wax musuem two thumba up to this hotel definitely we will stay again once we come bck to seoul The staff was super awesome. We arrived super early as I had to attend a meeting somewhere nearby. Fortunately, they were able to allow us check in around 10.30am. The view was perfect. Namsan Tower. The parking space is free. 10 🌟 The hotel is in a great location , the staff is very good and the room excellent. However sometime you hear noises from the protester around city hall. Overall great hotel great location The location was great, easy reach to shopping centres and food market within walking distance. I accidentally left something behind in the room when I checked out, the staff kindly put it on the side and I collected it on my journey back to Seoul! Amazing service! I stayed at this hotel for the first 6 nights after arrival. The hotel is located in the heart of downtown Seoul. Many key tourist spots can be reached within 15 minute by foot. The staff are kind and very helpful. Furnitures are relatively old. However, the room is clean, spacious and quiet. I have booked this hotel again for the last 4 nights before my departure. KOREAN STYLE ROOM IS GREAT, BOTH MY KIDS LOVE IT. THE LOCATION IS SUPER, RIGHT NEXT TO METRO AND WALK ABLE DISTANCE TO LOTTE AND MINDONG. KOREAN STYLE ROOM IS GREAT, BOTH MY KIDS LOVE IT. THE LOCATION IS SUPER, RIGHT NEXT TO METRO AND WALK ABLE DISTANCE TO LOTTE AND MINDONG. KOREAN STYLE ROOM IS GREAT, BOTH MY KIDS LOVE IT. THE LOCATION IS SUPER, RIGHT NEXT TO METRO AND WALK ABLE DISTANCE TO LOTTE AND MINDONG. KOREAN STYLE ROOM IS GREAT, BOTH MY KIDS LOVE IT. THE LOCATION IS SUPER, RIGHT NEXT TO METRO AND WALK ABLE DISTANCE TO LOTTE AND MINDONG. This is an exceptional hotel, the staff was accommodating, and the location is excellent. Its right beside the famous Lotte Hotel, you can't miss it. Staff very friendly and helpful, esp proactive to write for you the korean words of where you wanna go, so you can show it to taxi drivers who speak little english. We spend a few nights there. It was a pleasant experience. The hotel's location is perfect: near the metro, tourist attractions and restaurants. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The only problem was that iron was not provided. very good service. appreciated if have more Muslim friendly facilities. very convenient to stay. right at the heart of Seoul. Clean hotel. Cheap price” 최고” 최고” Amazing!” Great location and nice staff. The room is quite spacious and with all the necessities. ” Location is great, AC doesn’t work very well” Business trip” 최고” 최고” Good hotel with avordable rate” Great stay” Great” Great hotel” Nice!” 최고” The President Hotel is worth your stay.” 최고” Hotel near Seoul City Hall” Nice hotel” Nice location” Very nice rooms. Beautiful building. Nice staff. Location is excellent and Hotel staffs was so friend. very nice hotel, the room size are large, the location is good. very clean and nice location. The only thing we found not so good is the water temperature of shower is quite unstable. Location is great. You’re one stop from Seoul Station from the Metro and you’re steps away from many bus lines. The hotel itself is very dated, but it’s functional. At this price, who cares. What bothered me was the AC didn’t work very well. It was a balmy 78F in my room, it was hard to sleep at night and it wasn’t even summer. I would come back to this hotel during the colder months but will look elsewhere when the weather warms up. Very good Nice breakfast Wonderful location A great hotel within walking distance of several palaces and Myeongdong. Great location in heart of city. Helpful staff. I like this hotel, easy check in, good location and clean Great hotel great location Big rooms for the price you pay. Walls are sort of thin so you can hear your neighbours talking. Has a gym. Good location. We booked this hotel cos it is the cheaper hotel but near to the pick up point of the free shuttle service to Vivaldi park and the airport bus. Location is just outskirt of Myeongdong central, Still it is within walkable distance, about 3~4min. Very near to Lotte Department Store. And with great breakfast. Worth the money Overall, a very nice hotel. Only thing is that its facilities are not as new as we would like, but overall- very nice. We had family at the Lotte Hotel so we compared it to that hotel, which is probably not fair. It was overall very nice for the price. Spacious room! Best value in the region, I believe Staffs are kind n always ready to assist. Location is definitely a big plus point. It is near many food places n accessible to the underground train. Outdated but good classic hotel I like a location of this hotel. Staff is very attentive. View from the hotel is nice. Recommended to stay. Nice hotel, great location - right in front of Seoul Plaza/City hall. The subway station is right in front too. The bus station to the airport is really close from hotel and it takes around 10 minutes by walk to Myeongdong area Good” Hotel near Seoul city hall.” Great location” 90” great location!” city center location with many restaurants around.” 최고” Excellent stay, Great location!!” Great Location, View from window Outstanding.” Good Value Hotel” Good one” Super convenient and great facilities” Great hotel ” Best budget option” 최고” 최고” 최고” Nice location ” Wonderful Stay ” good location and clean” Good location, nice view, can walk to Dongdaemoon market, Deoksugung, City Hall... I like the location of this hotel. It is just at the center of everything. Recommended. For Myung dong and Jong-lo. WiFi always a problem There is a bank right at level 2 via staircase from lobby. Easy place to get currency exchange. Think it opens from 930am on weekdays. Easy access to big shopping centre and very near to metro station. There is also a continent store just around the corner like 1min walk. Good view too if u r placed at high floor. higher level hotel with very good view The room is clean, big and spacious. Love the buffet breakfast. Walking distance to subway, Lotte shopping mall and 10 mins walk to Myeong Dong. Highly recommend! An excellent location right in the heart of Seoul! Very nice, clean and safe area. The place is walking distance to the Myeongdong shopping district or other interesting places in Seoul. Few feet away from subway station and airport limousine bus stop. It’s very convenient for tourists. The rooms were large, clean with beautiful views (I stayed in rooms with views of the City Hall first and then the Seoul tower). The staff were friendly and had excellent English. The hotel has a great lobby and great location. Most of all, I love their breakfast the most. It is walking distance to both Euljiro and City Hall stations of the subway. The view from my hotel room was spectacular. It was at the opposite of the Seoul Tower, but the buildings and one of the palaces are very clear from my location. I noticed though that the construction in front of the hotel is creating too much unnecessary noise in the morning. Shouldn't be a problem if I wake up early, however, my tours are DIY and mostly from lunch until midnight so I needed to sleep in the morning. The crowd in the city center watching FIFA world cup are quite noisy and we can hear them from the hotel hahahaha. Nevertheless, the hotel is highly recommended. Maybe until the early months of 2023, best to choose rooms opposite the construction site. Amazed by the location , closest MRT station is City Hall interchange. Straightforward price line match with good quality. Only issue is the partition wall no soundproof, can hear your neighbour’s conversation pretty clear. The stafff is great they can communicate well in english The hotel is well located between 2 stations on Line 2 and it is close to many places of interests. The gym was fantastic. We stayed 4 nights here and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves! Best views ! I have no complaints. The location was the best and check out was very easy. There is also an airport limousine bus almost in front of the hotel. Located at the heart of the city. Convenient. The hotel is located at the heart of Seoul. Very convenient and accesible. The hotel is in a very good location, near subway Station and bus stops. Near Lotte Mall and Myeongdong too. The staff are nice and rooms are spacious. I would definitely book in this hotel again. 10mins walk to Myeongdong and to Gwanghamun Square and other tourist spots. Cityhall subway exit at the front of hotel. The hotel is excellent; the location provides easy access to many of Seoul's amenities. good location for mtr and bus. shopping places are near from hotel, department store, old markets are near. clean and maintained very well room condition. best location and clean” Great location ” Good location” Great deal on nice hotel” Location & value” Great hotel!” Spacious room with bath tub” 최고” Wonderful Stay ” Perfect!!!” One of the best experiences!” Our Seoul stay at the President Hotel” Location” Good” Best location, great price.” Outstanding place and good price!” 최고” Good option” Impeccable front desk” Great Location if you are sick of staying at Gangnam” good location and kind staff. rooms are maintained as clean very well. The hotel has one of the bigger rooms as compared to the rest. We were glad we chose this hotel. Location was great and we are about 10 minutes walk to Myeong-dong shopping street. There is a subway station just outside the hotel. Great value for money. Will definitely stay here again on our next trip Its center of city, near subway station, many authentic restaurants near hotel and good value hotel. Everything was great. The room was clean and the staff are helpful. Just be aware of the location at City Hall: easy to walk to many places like Insadong and Namdaemun, but if there is a protest (which is likely given the current President), getting a taxi to or from could be delayed. It very good location and valuable But it was noisy if you stay face to city hall, midnight construction and car sound early in the morning The hotel room was really big and includes bathtub! Hotel is really accessible, just right beside the Lotte hotel and department store and very near city hall station. Hotel is very clean and the ameneties are great. Around 10mins walk to myeongdong too. Highly recommended. Located nearby Euljiro 1 subway exit with easy access to different metro lines and bus stops. The room is spacious and well equipped. King bed is super comfortable. The water pressure is good and the bath tub is definitely a plus point. Do note that during certain seasons, aircond is not functioning, only central heating system is provided. Nevertheless the weather is cooling and we requested a stand fan to use when it's a little stuffy. Overall this is a very well maintained 4-star hotel in Seoul. The location is great. You can easily access tourist spots and markets. They also cleaned our room every day I was very happy with all aspects of the President's Hotel except the staff. I have stayed at this hotel several times, and the staff is always friendly and helpful; however, this time was different. My interaction with the staff seemed to be unfriendly and cold. I hope my next stay there will be better If I go to KOREA ,I'll book this hotel again,SURE!! I chose the President for the location, which is just next to Seoul city hall plaza and subway station. The room was much better than I expected. It decorated with Korean traditional window and tea table. The bed, furniture, bathroom, were newly renovated and clean. Every reps was so kind. My thumb must be up! We love the President Hotel mainly for its location. It is in the center of many tourist spots. You can just walk! There are also many restaurants and malls. Transportation is not a problem since there are bus stations, the subway access is just in front of the hotel, taxi service very convenient. Their facilities are good, though there is no swimming pool. But all is good. Friendly and helpful staff as well. Great location. Quick to subway very Good You cannot get a better location than this. The beds were so comfortable and the staff so helpful. So good place and close to other facility to go such as Lotte Hotel and Departments and easy to tour palaces and City Hall, etc. Easy access to subways, buses, and go to ICN airport and Gimpo International Airport. comfy Will be better if I can set own room temperature or to cancel the “warm room” function. Heater is too warm. My daughter left her passport at a hotel in Pyeongchang snow resort just a day before departure to Spore but front desk staff Mitchelle and others discussed with me in the wee hours how President Hotel can help to retrieve the passport and we got it back, excellent. Location is good only 5mins walk to airport shuttle bus stand and 10mins to famous Myeondong night market. Those with children would enjoy the hotel spacious room size typically bigger than many others in Seoul. Great Location, and Friendly staff. Clean room, great location, excellent service” Luxurious and Close to MRT” 최고” Good choice” Excellent Hotel ” Nice Clean Convenient Place” Very Good hotel” Nice breakfast, good location” 최고” 최고” 최고” Good location ” Perfect location!” Good location ” Near to metro station” Pleasant Stay” Good location of public transportation. cozy amd comfortable” Excellent venue for all travellers” great location!” Good Location” Staff members are courteous and helpful, and the hotel is in a great downtown location with subway entrance, city bus stop, and airport bus stop nearby, as well as cafes, restaurants, and shopping. There is an international ATM on the second floor. I like President Hotel for its proximity to the MRT as well as to several tourist attractions. The hotel room is spacious and clean. Great location and very good for Dmz tours. Hotel location is central. Popular places are walking distance. Lots of restaurants nearby The hotel is excellent, location is perfect and the the service was wonderful. This is the 4th time I have stayed at this hotel and I will every time The hotel is located between City Hall and Eujiro 1 Station which is easy for travelling. There are convenient store opened 24 hours next to hotel. Also having 3 restaurants in front of hotel. Myeoung dong This is the 3th times I stay in this hotel, very comfortable and convenient location Right in front of City hall, close from train station, airport express, Nice breakfast Very good. Great location! Breakfast buffet is excellent. Hotel is very close to the Lotte Department store and Myeongdong shopping area. KLM limousine airport bus stops few steps from the hotel entrance and a lot of nearby convenient stores. We were lucky to be upgraded to the 16th floor with a good view. Coffee shop on the lobby area is pricey so we decided to get breakfast at McDonald, Angel in Us and Coffee for 2 just across the hotel. The facility in itself looks old but clean, staff is very helpful and overall stay is excellent. Nearby to shopping areas and train station. Many food available in the train station entrance. Hotel staffs are friendly during our stay there. Before we reach the hotel, we checked with the hotel to see if they have the voltage transformer as we wanted to cook baby food in the room. However, we were being informed that we cannot cook our baby food in the hotel room. The reason why we checked is because in the website it state the voltage of the room is 110, but when we reach the hotel, it is 220 volt. The place is just near Seoul City Hall, so imagine the place where you could go just by walking. Location is very well next to the lotte hotel and the subway. We got upgraded to a suite since the double room was sold out. Would recommend this hotel. Rooms are very large with good service 2nd time to stay in this hotel. Comparatively larger room than those in myeongdong area, with a good deal of price. Just a few minutes walk from myeongdong The location of the hotel was right beside Lotte Hotel and Lotte Departmental Store which is very convenient and centralized. Very close to subway euljiro-1ga and City Hall. Myeongdong is just 5-7mins walk away. Staff was helpful and service was good, the room is big (deluxe twin) and very comfortable. I se this hotel quite often and always satisfied Superb location nearby to Myeongdong and Lotte Department, easy access to airport and other venues, good service from pleasant staff members, and good value for money for clean and comfortable stay. Free wifi connection is a nice added feature! perfect for sightseeing! very nice location. good” Conference Attend” Great location and very nice rooms” Excellent location, comfortable room & nice staff” The President Hotel Experience” Good hotel” Beautiful hotel with a great location ” Very old 5 star hotel at the heart of Myeongdong” Nice Place to come back” good” Perfect service. 100% recommended” Spacious room” Relax and comfortable.” amazing awesome!” Great Hotel ” Best value around with very friendly staff.” Wonderful” Great hotel, great spot.” Comfortable Central Hotel” Lovely hotel and service with a smile ” good The hotel was very clean and staff members were kind. Spacious rooms, great value, and convenient location. We stayed one night in order to catch our early DMZ tour bus, which picked up right outside the hotel. There is a metro stop right outside the hotel and it is across the street from City Hall. Location, Korean style room with comforter, nice staffs So good for our first time in Korea. We'll be back to this hotel when we return to Seoul. Location, Food, and Value for Money Very Good location, comfortable, near shopping area My family had a very nice at the hotel location, air conditioning, kind staff Perfect, planning to stay again Value for money, Good location, Clean and spacious room Very old hotel at a very good location. It's right beside Lotte hotel, Lotte mall and Lotte duty free for 1/2 or 1/3 the price of Lotte hotel if you book via Agoda. It's in the heart of Myeongdong. It's near the train station, convenience store and 24 hr Mcdonald's. Just bring your own toothbrush, toothpaste and round adaptor because they don't provide it. They provide basic toiletries. Very clean and comfortable for the price I paid. The rooms are even more spacious. It is 1-2 minute walk from the Incheon Airport bus which is infront of Lotte hotel. clean, friendly staff, very understanding staff Very good all good Good Staff, Location, Cleanliness, Clean room, big room and spacious toilet. Good. I requested a non smoking room but they gave me a smoking room. Its so smelly. The hotel staff is helpful when I was looking for a particular toy. They took the trouble to search for me and even printed out for me. clean, easy access and nice staff. The hotel is located at the heart of Seoul. the metro is just a few meter from the hotel. close to shopping center. room size, staff location The Staff , Service and overall stay was great If you need a great hotel and in a great loction The President is perfect Centrally located, walking distance where I needed to go. The hotel is very accommodating, having been there during busy season during the holidays, I was able to book my reservations where no other hotels in that area were willing to take anyone as if they were all booked. Location, Room size The President hotel is a great place for your visit to Seoul. It is in an excellent location and the rooms are spacious. Great hotel, great spot, great price, great views. Just great. This is the place to stay in Seoul. It is a great spot, short walk to the main market and nightlife area, the price was extremely reasonable when booked through Agoda, the views of Seoul from my room were awesome, and the hotel itself was clean and staff were friendly and always tried to help (even if their ingrish was very poor). Loved it, go there. location, value for money very comfortable stay in a central location. This hotel is located within easy reach of all public transportation. It is also close to shopping, eating and drinking districts. Best features of the hotel I had a wonderful experience the rooms were clean and the staff available to my every request the restaurant on the ground floor was a real treat for me good price and friendliness absolute. The respect that I had made me love and remember positively Seoul. Good!” Too many chinese at restaurant in the morning.” All in One” Very Good, Nice~~~ ” Nice and comfortable for business stay” Overall is good” Clean and Cozy” Clean room nice staff” Seoul” good~~” Good” 최고” that's enough for biz traveling.” my best choice!” All in one” GOOD” good” good” 최고” A good hotel for business travelers ” Everything is Perfect, except the room temperature cannot be adjusted. It was always 26-27 degree celcius even though we turned off heater and it made the room so dried. At least, the second day the staff brought us a humidifier so it was ok for the second night but the room was really too hot when outside temperature was minus. Too many chinese at restaurant in the morning. Good business/leisure hotel within dense Songpa/Seongnam area. Plenty of options nearby from fitness gym, pools, water-park (fee), and many eateries. Although rooms were efficient sized, bathrooms were proportionately larger. Very clean w comfortable beds. Breakfast buffet is rather light on choices and don't expect Western style - it's more Korean based. Parking is free and overall, I'd stay here again. Clean rooms, kind peples, very good From Incheon Airport, you can take limousine bus no 6600 to Janggil. Last bus is 11pm. Cost is 14000won. It takes 1.5hrs. Many restaurant around the area. Nearest metro station is Munjeong. There are many restaurants near this hotel and the room is cozy and clean. Good location & close to a subway station. It was great Great location and friendly staff good~~~~~~~~ Good value Recommended They offered free breakfast that's enough for biz traveling. if you wanna go biz or tour (especailly LOTTE WORLD)nearby gangnam, i recommend this hotel. it's cheap and good, You can enjoy hotel, water park, movie theater and all kinds of restaurants. Best spot for family with little children. GOOD good good All new building Near metro Well planned rooms, though a bit small The price is reasonable Located in Song-pa, I was rather pleased with the hotel. It was connected to a cinema, food courts, a water spa, etc. I didn't have to venture far for my daily meals and drinks. There were bigger malls around the hotel and convenience stores are just downstairs. I must say, the breakfast selection could be improved a bit though. Most of my breakfast ended up at Starbucks downstairs. The rooms were clean and tidy. You get your basic toiletries and the bed is comfy. There's a direct city bus from the hotel to Incheon Airport which I find very convenient. Overall, my stay was pleasant. Definitely the best choice for a luxury stay ” Vibrant” Quick 2 Day Break” Great place when you need to far away from the daily life” Great for nightlife” Great! ” Still my fav hotel chain” 최고” The best in Seoul, I guess?” Great place” Great location” Great facilities and proximity to nature” Nice stay” Great!” Good” First Seoul trip” good hotel for relax” Stunning ” Best hotel in seoul” Lovely” My first visit to Seoul was made very easy and memorable thanks to the staff at the hotel. The clerks in the executive lounge went above and beyond by offering me an alternative room for early check-in until the room I reserved was ready. Breakfast was amazing and the design of the room was breath taking. The shuttle from the hotel to itaewon and meyongdong were lifesavers as well as the very affordable bus shuttle to the airport. One of the best experiences ever and I will be sure to stay again when I return. On the foot hills of Namsan Mountain, the mountain and its trails belongs to you, when you stay at the Grand Hyatt, Seoul. The lobby is amazing and full of activity. The rooms are well kept and with a great view. The only down-side is that it does not have any traditional Korean restaurants at walking distance. The room was spacious with the amenities to back it up. It was a great two days. Staff was friendly and it was sort of far from everything but Itaewon was just a few minutes away. Thanks Grand Hyatt! The view was really great. So awesome and made me feel relaxed. Location was great. Can take a walk in Namsan park, can go to N tower also. Inside the hotel, cant forget the night view and band music. When you want to escape from every moment, this would be a great place. (: thank you for giving me such a lovely moment. Walk to restaurants, bars, everything works well at Grand Hyatt. Easier to get to from airport. My partner and I stayed at this hotel for one night , and we were both impressed with the facilities and the great view from our room (riverside view). While it was slightly more expensive for one night, it was well worth it. Very clean, the location worked for us as we were happy to explore and enjoy the walk. Great! Would recommend to travelers with higher budgets 🤙🏻 Nothing to worry about when you're checking into the Grand Hyatt. Similar experience in Taipei. The rooms are well designed with a modern interior. The lounge area at the entrance offers a perfect view with live jazz and lounge music. Gym, pool, spa, ... everything is available at your convenience. It's close to Itaewon, a bustling area full of nightlife, shops, restaurants, but it does take a bit of a walk. I would definitely book this hotel again. One point of improvement: the walls were fairly thin allowing the guest to hear what's going on in the hallway and in other rooms. Fantastic hotel, great location, suitable for any type of traveller The view of Seoul city and Han River from the room was gorgeous. Food was so good. I’d stay here again This is a great location in Seoul. Near Botanical gardens, Seoul Tower and Itaewon district restaurants etc. Lovely decorated rooms, small but very nicely appointed. Staff are lovely (language barrier exists as with rest of Korea but not too bad here). Concierge(s) couldn’t do enough. Down side is very busy hotel. When we were there lots of local visitors (bus loads) with kids and queues for lifts and restaurants. Good quality, albeit expensive, room service. This is great for a morning walk-up to Namsan park, and the Japanese restaurant at the hotel is surprisingly good. The shuttle bus to Itaewon or Myeongdong eases accessibility somewhat, but it just doesn't run frequent enough, and ultimately not going to be as accessible as those that are just a step away from the metro. To wrap it up, rooms are great and there's spectacular views of either the city or Namsan. Great breakfast (had a nice variety and would give it 5 stars if they had their own bakery... bread was fine but not extra special, still a great breakfast) Nice interior Beautiful mountain view with trees changing color Bed was basic (not an amazing mattress, but fine) Staff were friendly We enioyed our stay It couldn't be better I love here. Our first Seoul trip staying at grand Hyatt, lots of cool cafe around the area, Itaewon-ro street was great a lot of fashions clothes. good place to relax from city with cozy room. room is smaller than other hotels but newly renovated. room service was bad especially korean food. need to improve!!! Everything is stunning. Best kept secret of Korea. We had a great stay in October, with a warm welcome for our little kids. The staff was very helpful, the room was amazing and the view on the river is amazing. Thanks Nice hotel with good access of public transportation. Also nice view! Exceptional view in Seoul” good” Good” Great ” 최고” Great location, good hotel and price wise sensible. ” 5 stars!” Ideal location for winter wonderland” nice hotel with good service” 최고” 최고” Great central hotel” Gorgeous hotel, AMAZING GYM!” good to stay ” Great service, good location and good view from the room” 최고” one of the most wonderful place” 쏘쏘~” Excellent stay with good view of Nasan tower” good” The view shows what Seoul got, the exclusive heritage good Good No cons A wonderful little 'world' up on the hill. Hotel has everything you need, even a nightclub! Well maintained facility with friendly helpful staff delivering excellent service. Exceptional views. Overall great experience. Had a great time with my husband in Grand Hyatt Seoul . Amazing hotel in great location. This is a superb property situated atop a big hill in Itaewon. If you want to be in the city but surrounded by nature it’s great! the executive lounge was relocated to ground floor which is truly a pity good for ppl need rest want to stay away. good place to stay with nice restaurant This hotel really nice in Seoul , it’s clean and staff are very helpful ! Location is good , it’s very quiet and from the room can see the city view which is so romantic ! Definitely recommend every of my friend to stay in grand hyatt if they go to Seoul ! Excellent hotel as always with Hyatt. Room are clean Restaurant are goob but expansives 2 Bars at ground floor The rooms are not very big but the hotel has a lot of charm and good facilities. The grounds are also nice. Very central but quiet. Excellent breakfast. Lovely hotel, with a great location and views. Rooms a bit small, but more than made up for by the exceptional gym and beautiful pools (one indoor and one outdoor). Nice to be this close in the city and still have mountain views. Really nice. good for ppl who want to stay away from the city, nice ppl, clean room, cozy bed We arrived early at about 10am, but managed to get our room for check in which was supposed to be at 3pm. Also, as it was our honeymoon, the staff actually offered to upgrade our room to a high floor with the Namsan Tower view for free. The location is also very near to Itaewon, as well as the popular spots in Seoul. World class place what a wonderful view, especailly the city(river) view form the high place is very special. it's nice hotel but the room wasn't perfectly clean there was some hair on the bathroom and felt dusty but cozy bed and great customer services. The hotel is located bit far from Metro, but it is still convenient to take their shuttle bus. It is a good choice of stay if you want to have a quiet and relaxing holiday in Seoul, rather than squeezing with the crowd in those shopping area. good You get what you pay for” beautiful view” Itaewon Luxury” Friendly and attentive professional service” lucky chance” The Location is nice & staff & cleanliness excelent but due to not avalable the booked room i upgreaged . ” Luxury Hotel!” it is very nice view” Best experience in Seoul ” Awesome stay ” Great place!” Excellent” First Seoul trip” Recommend their club level” Great comfort” My personal review” Awesome Hotel” Very good location ” Heavenly Hyatt” Good” Its the Grand Hyatt you know you are going to get quality in every department, not much more to say. River view was nice. I have stayed in the cheapest room but it had also amazing view. It didn't have a bath tub. the room serivce was reasonable price and massage was fantastic. the only prblem I had was a queen size bed. If you want to stay in luxury and don't mind paying for it, the Grand Hyatt is excellent. Clean and cozy room with a great view. The Spa is extremely good as well. Would recommend to anyone with pocketbooks they are willing to dip into. I love staying here. It's got a great view of the city, great facilities (the sauna, gym, pools and garden) are probably the best in the city. The service level is what you would expect from a 5-star global brand with courteous, attentive and friendly staff. The rooms are not huge, but they are comfortable. It used to be a bit removed being up on the hill, but the area around it has developed nicely so that there are plenty of cafes, restaurants and bars within walking distance which make the stay even nicer than before. on time renovation so a little busy . but their service are very good. room is very clean. I am satsfied . One of the best hotels in Korea. Not quite the best value for money, but it was very good nonetheless. it is good for travelers to stay, the traffic, the food and the service Everything from the staff to the view was wonderful. The view of the Seoul Tower from my room will be one of the most memorable moments of my time in Seoul. Food the bed and the bidet I really enjoyed myself I got to rest in a nice comfortable king size bed in a clean room and the room service was awesome the next morning concierge, view, namasan mountain Room, location, food. Comfortable bed, great view, amazing staff Relaxing. Which is what I was hoping for. Great job by the way. Shuttle service, Service, clean and calm ... Location, Staff Friendliness, Cleanliness Very Good. Staff, Food, Resturants No issues...Loved this Hotel location luxurious facilities anyone who stayed at the hotel can say "it was romantic" The staff, the location and the view Quiet, Luxury and accessible Good ” great stay” Relaxing place” Luxury Hotel, extremely courteous and attentive ” Great business hotel in Seoul” Wonderful great experience” Expected 5 star Hotel” Beautiful hotel” the hotel is great! i enjoyed stay in Seoul. ” Great Hotel at great location with great service” Handy place in busy Seoul” nice hotel” Superb facilities and rooms” amazing hotel with fantastic views” Fab hotel with great service” Great hotel with awesome view” Nice friendly Hotel In good location for shopping ” One of the best hotels in Seoul” Fantastic hotel in a great location” Excellent location, modern and well finished hotel” Quiet, Luxury and easily accessible It was good and price was very reasonable for a 5 star hotel. Only thing is the bathroom is a bit old, they should do some touch up on it. luxury clean relaxing Good, the staff was friendly and the room was comfortable. We had a great time. location, service, design excellent amenities, attentive staff,aim to please Most enjoyable, worth every penny, relaxing and beautiful , couldn't ask for more in 5 star hotel. I would definitely stay again. High standard, Great value, Excellent service A great stay at the Grand Hyatt. Checking went well, staff was able to cater for my requirements although the reservation didn't mention them. Business center staff very knowledgeable and assisted me to get business cards printed over the weekend. Highly recommend staying at the Grand Hyatt for discerning business travelers. Its a perfect place to stay..the hotel is elegant..it has everything...a one stop all in one hotel the experience was wonderful from the moment we checked in..the room was great..the restaurant was great..the entertainment was superp especially the jazz bar...the band was simply awesome.. Clean Room and the BED makes you waking up fresh in the morning. I love everything about this hotel, from the spa and the room. The first time, I went in to the room, I do not feel like leaving the room. I like the swimming pool too. It is very 5 star hotel where you sleep at night, and you wake up the next morning feeling fresh than never before. --> this is no joke. Beautiful hotel, amazing lobby and restaurant Overall I would highly recommend this hotel. It has everything from the lobby lounge to JJ's party downstair. The grounds are beautiful and the Terrace buffet is excellent. The carpet in the room could be a little cleaner, but this is still a great hotel. great staff with big smile, good food lovely hotel, great staff, food and location of hotel was good very close to all main shopping areas. Location, Facilities, Entertainment, Services I've stayed in the hotel a few times now during the past 5 years and each time enjoyed my stay, because of the supurb location of the hotel, the nice rooms, restaurants, entertainment and great service Very professional staff members and beautiful view of Seoul tower It was beautiful hotel to stay in the heart of Seoul. It has beautiful pool with a panoramic view of Seoul, you can see the busy CBD as a bird eye view but also old residential area. My stay was very enjoyable and I'd visit again. Only problem was there was no public transport handy although there was subway connection nearby with short stroll of walk. But if you have a car, you can enjoy the free car park and the location can be very handy for sight seeing. Otherwise taxi was always ready for you and the price of taxi in Seoul was not too pricy and they offer free interpretation service. Overall, it was a delightful experience. nice room the location is good, right on the mountain but not too far from the town, convenience store is everywhere and easy to get a taxi Great rooms, choice of restaurants. my favourite hotel in seoul. not cheap but with the quality of facilities and service that you would expect at this price. swimming pool and view This is my ideal luxury hotel with all the benefits a business traveler would require. The food and service are impecable, and the facilities are modern with an old Kirean feel. I would recommend this as a destination for both a business traveler or a couples retreat. location, service fabulous hotel in an equally fab location. rooms are spacious and clean with modern interiors and amenities. great views of either the mountains or the river can seen from the rooms. service is excellent, the staff friendly and courteous. restaurants inside the hotel serve very tasty food with a great variety of cuisines to choose from. if you still can't find what you're looking for, itaewon is close by with a number of local and western restaurants, bars and bistros to choose from. excellent stay and would definitely stay again. location, rooms, staff Great hotel in central part of Seoul. Spacious rooms with contemporary interior and amenities. Staff is knowledgeable, friendly and courteous. Close to Itaewon where numerous local and western restaurants, bars, cafes and shopping is available. The hotel also has great restaurants and a good bar/club to unwind at after a long day. All and all, a great stay and would recommend this hotel highly to anyone visiting or travelling to Seoul. Nice room & friendly staff a very nice hotel in a good location, free shuttle bus provided by hotel to take you to & from the local shopping centres which are only 5 mins away. the rooms are spacious & clean with bath & shower. the staff are very friendly & polite at all times. the restuarants are excellent with choices to cater for everybody. i have stayed at this hotel previously & will stay there again in the future. Beautiful lobby, comfortable rooms and excellent service i wasn't aiming at a hotel of that range but less luxurious hotels in the area were charging rates which were not significantly lower. it was a good experience. my expectations were high and i was disappointed. Location, hotel decor, cleanliness of rooms, hotel staff I truly enjoyed my stay at the Grand Hyatt in Seoul. The location was excellent as it is situated centrally and the staff was well-informed and very courteous. The rooms were well appointed, clean and the views were very nice. The restaurants are quite nice with a wide selection of menus to choose from. You are also a short cab or shuttle bus ride away from Itaewon which offers a plethora of food styles to choose from. All in all, a very enjoyable stay. location, staff, modern Good business hotel in a convenient location for the city. Close to key sights also if anytime for that. Friendly staff make it a comfortable visit. Convenient and Comfortable ” Nice place to stay in Gangnam” Good location and very clean” Great Value ” Shilla Stay has high expectations” Beautiful place to stay” Nice staff with room ” Good” this is a good place for business trip!!!” this is a good place for business trip!!!” this is a good place for business trip!!!” this is a good place for business trip!!!” this is a good place for business trip!!!” 최고” Best business hotel” Bang for the Buck” Best hotel I stayed so far” good facialities” Comtempory luxury feel” good location” A VERY comfortable, clean, and pleasant stay in a great location. Close to plenty of cafes and some restaurants and only a short walk to the subway and the other shops and attractions Gangnam has to offer. Very clean and fresh, decent size, good gym. Staff are helpful. Short walk away from Gangnam station. Very good hotel to stay for the money, clean and excellent location in the heart of Gangnam. Great value, great location and great service. So convenient that the airport bus stop is very close (Woosung Apt. Stop). I would stay there again. Great clean and modern hotel. New facility which matches the Shilla Stay expectations (high standards). It was such a nice place to stay, transport was close by, plenty of places to eat and even the restaurant was really good. I really enjoyed my stay The location isn't the best place in the Gangnam area but the room condition and staff are nice. the place is pretty clean so i always stay here in seoul for business trip this is a good place for business trip!!! this is a good place for business trip!!! this is a good place for business trip!!! this is a good place for business trip!!! this is a good place for business trip!!! there is no baby cot provided but they upgrade the room to deluxe which have very large bed that fits for 3 people. thank you! I recommend this hotel for travelers who want to look around Gangnam place. Nice location and good facility compared to cost. Prefer the Gwanghwamun location but this is just my personal preference. The room is clean The staff very helpful The location not to far There is a 24hrs store just opposite, when you must try their kimchi noodle Overall we are happy with the hotel 👍 good location, clean and kind~ Booked during covid period. Take away available for breakfast. bang bang intersection nearby Awesome Shilla Seocho gu” We had a wonderful four nights stay at this hotel. Enjoyed the convenient location” Great” Best cost performance value for biz trip. While the looks texture of the towels show they are worn” good” 최고” Overall good for value” comfortable and homy stay” A cozy cleam hotel” 최고” Everything was perfect” 최고” it is recommended.” Great hotel ” 최고” Best in Gangnam” 최고” Good” Location is perfect for weekend trips” Incredible Location Perfect for Our Trip” Nice and Clean place Liked the comfortable room and the short walk to airport bus station We gad a geat one night stay will come again the next time im in Seoul Hotel should check n replace the worn towels from time to time very clean, nice, and kind Great Awesome Breakfast buffet could improve more very clean and nice room. atmosphere is great. - Breakfast is good - 10mins walk from train station - restaurants available within 5 mins walking distance Good enough Perfect location and nice staff Great location!! The hotel is very new, the location is also very good, not far from the Jiangnan subway station, it is recommended. Location very near to subway. Room is clean with very friendly and helpful staffs. very nice!! best deal for the buck Great location with modern deco. Good and nice location Great value for money, super nice and new hotel. location tough to beat for shopping, dining etc. Incredible value for this location and quality of a hotel. Staff were exceptional. Will definitely stay again. Great Location & Excellent Service” 최고” Comfortable and clean. ” Professor” Executive Director” Highly recommended” the best” 최고” 최고” Good place to stay in Gangnam” Perfect” Nice Hotel” New hotel at reasonable price” awesome” good” Over all is good ” Great location and clean room! ” Nice hotel in Gangnam area” Clean and reasonable price ” strongly recommended business hotel” As the title says, it's a great location (7 min walk from Yangjae Station - 15-17 min walk from Gangnam Station). We stayed a week plus since my friend was having surgery and the place has everything around. Gym was great (for a hotel gym) and is open early and closes late. Minor things that weren't deal breakers, but definitely made us go "Huh... that's odd?" 1) The bathroom has one light (no dimmer / softer lights) - so if you're going to use the bathroom at night, expect to be woken up. 2) The thermostat (no matter what we did) never really gave us control of the room temp. 3) The thermostat acts like a mini nightlight, which you cannot turn off (unless you want to turn off the fan / ac) 4) It's one of those rooms where there is a slider to separate the sleeping quarters from the hallway/bathroom... except then there is a large glass wall that allows you to look into the bathroom. When travelling with friends, this made for hilarious stories, but does tend to wear thin The room is very good & clean. Staffs are nice and helpful. Nice area! It is between two subway station which might take time to walk to but its still good! It's smaller than we expected and kinda far from the subway station. The bed was really soft and comfortable to sleep. But the given room have no sofa beside the window as the picture shown. Loved the experience. First time in Korea in forty-two (42) years. Thank you! Cozy and comfortable place. We really liked this hotel. The guy at the parking was very very gentle and even though he was older his English was very understandable. All the staff was very nice and their English was very very good and trust me most hotels in Korea doesn't have English speakers. The room was kind of small but is enough for two people. The bathroom, the gym and the restaurant were clean and perfect. Also the location was perfect. There is a train station close, the Gangnam Downtown is like two miles walking Love, love, love trust me no more words Clean. close to lots of shopping areas. Great staff. loved that i was able to check in early. nice view from the room. Would definitely want to stay here again. Great place, convenient and near to subway station Nice hotel, a bit far from the Station but overall I had a great stay. Breakfast closes a bit too early. Other than that it was pretty good. Great hotel, only stayed here for one night but you can tell that the hotel is a great standard as soon as you walk through the doors. Rooms do not disappoint either, nice bathroom, comfy bed, desk, ironing facilities. Will definitely use this hotel again Hotel is very clean and staffs are nice. New hotel, helpful staff and good service. Located in Gangnam but quite far away from subway station. perfect location, it was cheap and clean. very nice~~~~` Want staff at the front desk to be more friendly and better give a good smile would be perfect I came to Seoul for a business trip. Shilla Stay is a great location and has many cafes and local Korean restaurants around its area. Room is very clean. Gym is great as well! New hotel, everything was sparkling clean. Staff can be more proactive. Had problem reaching this hotel by taxi on multiple occassions as the hotel is too new to be found on GPS system, otherwise no major problems during our stay. One of best business hotel in Gangnam area. perfect! don't do anything just keep as it is for good. great location with many restaurants” Fantastic hotel in great location” Excellent” Very comfortable, great location ” The rooms are so great and the staff is always so helpful! We love staying at this hotel!!” Exceptional stay” 최고” Great Facilities ” very nice” Staff service professional....” Great location ” 최고” Best location ” Cozy and Comfortable” It was OK.” Would recommend to others” Nice Place” Nice Place” Good location and worthed to stay” Great hotel! ” Best way to get to this hotel from airport is to take Airport express bus and walk about 5 mins to hotel. Very convenient location and safe to walk alone even after midnight. I could easily find places to eat around the hotel. Gyeongbokgung Palace, Insadong shopping street and Bukchon Hanok Village are only 5 to 10 minutes walk away Starbucks next to the hotel is perfect for me. Train station is about 2mins walk. I arrived very early and unfortunately the room was not available, but the hotel staff was kind to allow me to deposit my luggage with them. The room was very clean and smell good. Good size gym. The hotel seems pretty new, rooms and all the facilities are in excellent condition. Rooms are nicely appointed and comfortable. Location might seem odd as it is in a side street however most sights and shopping areas can be reached by food within a 20 min walk. Insadong, Myonddong, the palaces etc is all not too far. A great base location to explore the area. Also, there isa Starbucks on the ground floor and quite a few restaurants and cafes within a 5 min walk. Can highly recommend. Everything was orderly and clean and excellent. The staff were professional and accommodating. We had to book last minute but it all went smoothly. Would stay again and would recommend to others. We have lived in Korea for several years and have stayed in a handful of different hotels and resorts. Shilla had the most comfortable bed of any place we have stayed in. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Amazing views, very clean room, and location is great. Will definitely stay here again, should we get the opportunity and recommend for friends. The location is ideal. We love to walk to Myeongdong, the many restaurants in D-tower, and the palace! The rooms are always so comfortable and clean. We love Shilla Stay Gwanghwamun! Would like to thank hotel for the amazing service especially front desk staff John Kim, who helped me with early check-in and navigation till the airport bus-stop for my departure. Very appreciate the gesture :) The Shilla Stay Gwanghwamun is a great hotel in a fantastic location in central Seoul. From the warm welcome to the general friendliness of the staff, it made my brief stay very enjoyable. Was an excellent place to stay for my business trip, many restaurants near by, and most importantly near the metro! Amazing staff as well Very tidy, kind staffs, good view towards city +mountain, good location and a nice room. Size of room I reserved was modest but big enough for me and my wife. Location was perfect for my travel purpose (easy walking distance to US Embassy, Gyeongbokgung Palace....etc.). Staff responded professonally to questions, requests, etc. I would recommend Shilla Stay at any time. And a plus if you book a room overlooking the temple especially at night Best hotel I have stayed in Seoul - location 10/10 I have stayed different hotels in Seoul and this one was the best in terms of its location, very near to all the tourist attractions and good restaurants in the old town Seoul. It is also very clean. The room and the equipments are simple but efficient, so you have everything you need. I think I would stay again when I am back in Seoul. The room is cozy, OK small but perfectly adequate. The shower room was as good as I've ever had in a five star hotel. Many of the tourist attractions of Seoul are within walking distance and there are two subway stations close by too. The hotel appears themed for Koreans in that there is no milk for the tea or coffee! But there are a couple of English language channels on the TV. As the internet connections are excellent I was able to stream English language news programs on my phone and screen share them to the room's large smart TV. Very satisfied with my stay. Everything was excellent except the small room. Very convenient location, close to landmarks, lots of eateries outside of hotel, staff were super friendly and willing to help in everything, price was right. Generally close to the metro, helpful staff that understood English well and is clean with convenient shops and convenient store nearby. Good Location , Good Breakfast and good service Good Place , Good Location and Good Service The hotel is located near with some important tourism places like statue of King Sejong, The great palace, myeong dong, and namdaemun. The room is clean and big. However, some of the staffs could not speak english very good. The website gives information on how to get to the hotel from the airport. It was easy taking the limo bus to the hotel. The staff were kind and helpful. They held on to our luggage after check out on our last day which allowed us more sightseeing before our late night flight. The location was convenient to everywhere we wanted to go in Seoul. I would definitely stay there again. Good location ” Good location” Wonderful Shill Stay” Very comfortable stay” Jade” QUIET WITH KOREAN TRADITIONAL VIEW” 최고” Gail” Great location in central Seoul. ” 최고” 최고” Good location” Centrally located ” Location and staff” Great value for business hotel” Good breakfast” 최고” 최고” Excellent tourist Location ” -” It is easy to get from the Seoul station. Very close to different places to eat, shop and sightings. Good location, fine service Very clean, comfortable, and extremely convenient. Totally recommended. Very happy with the staff, the room and facilities. Position is great if you wanna visit the north of Seoul. Convenient location for eating, sightseeing and traveling. Clean and quiet hotel. Very happy stay. THIS HOTEL IS IN THE MIDDLE OF A QUIET CITY WHERE A LOT OF HISTORICAL MONUMENTS AND MUSEUMS ARE LOCATED. A LOT OF CAFES NEARBY AND SOME OF THE ROOMS HAVE THE TRADITIONAL HOUSE VIEWS. IF YOU ARE A TOURIST AND LOOKING FOR A CASUAL HOTEL WITH AMBIENCE. PLEASE STAY IN THIS HOTEL Great location. Even have a nice city view. This is one of our favorite hotels! Plenty of Excellent traditional Korean food restaurants all around the area. Starbucks, convenience store, Burgerking next door Impressive. Would stay back in this hotel. Everything are good. The breakfast is excellent, the waffle is so yammy Good location. Walking distance to what we wanted to visit. Note if you have large bags, the elevator exit of Gwanghwamun station is the furthest exit from this hotel. So it was about a 10 minute walk with bags (no slope and with good paving so it's ok) from that exit. HOWEVER very helpful English speaking staff and a prime location close to Insadong made this the perfect first night stay. The room is clearly a bit old but was perfectly clean and organized. Great location, close to Gwanghwamun, Gyung bok Palace and Jong Ro. Right next to Subway so easy to travel without a car. The room was very clean and the staff was friendly. The room was a bit small but that's what business hotel is and can't complain for the price I paid. Breakfast was great. My Favorite was sausage and waffles. There are fresh breads and pastry also prepared. Room was very nice, too. Especially bathroom was nice and big. I don't recommend using car park. Parking is inconvinent and it is charging The best location Excellent service and courteous staff! The Location was perfect for sightseeing around Seoul with many points of interest within walking distance, just a few blocks from subway green line. I was traveling with a friend, we stayed 9 nights and the room was on the smaller side so that would be one down side to the room. It had a full size bed and a twin bed with one small round table and two dinning chairs. Perfect for traveling. - 최고” 최고” Very accommodating staff” Great stay and perfect location!” Pleasant stay in Seoul” Great location but be aware of dodgy taxi drivers!!” Easy Access to US Embassy” good” Great” Really good” Great location, safe and convenient, very friendly staff” Great Hotel” Excellent for long weekend escape” Very comfortable and quiet. Great location near sights” Perfect location ” Excellent location, comfortable, tidy space” A pleasant stay at the heart of Seoul” The best accommodation in Jongro” travelling in seoul” 최고” We enjoyed our stay there. Everything is so nice. We have a wonderful stay in this hotel. Super love it. It has a very good location. I booked 4 days. Overall it was a comfortable stay. There are reasonable restaurants around the area. Walking distance to tourist spots, transportation, and good resto. The airport bus stop is just several meters away. Thank you very much to the staff for making it comfortable. Despite some reviews about thin walls, we had no issues with noise. We heard a little from our neighbors on one night but it really wasn't bad. The location was fantastic for us and suited everything we wanted, which was close to all the sights without being in the center of the noise. The staff were very friendly and helpful when we were trying to do an excursion out of the city. We also ate in the restaurant on our first night because we were too tired to go out, but it was fine. The wine was great and the pizza was what we expected--good enough to fill hungry stomachs. We're from NYC so our pizza tastes are also different than most. We did make adjustments to their ingredients and the chef was nice enough to oblige. Overall, would definitely stay here again! Super convenient location. The room was very clean and modern. Staffs were very kind and helpful. The size of the room was a little smaller than I expected. Definitely recommend for travelers. Nice staff and convenient location. Walking distance to Insa-dong and Iksundong where we spent most of our time. We had a very unpleasant taxi experience though with the jumbo taxi that hotel staff called for us. We were going to Seoul station which was about 3km away from the hotel. We arrived and I gave him 10000won expecting to get some change. He said it was 17000won and my mum (local Korean) said that’s ricidulous as it should be around 5000won max why is he charging so much. He said there’s an extra cost as it’s a jumbo taxi and then he said he will only take 10000won. What??He refused to give a receipt and after 5min of argument he gave us 400won back and a receipt saying the ride was 9600won. He said “Are you so happy now for taking all the money back” so rudely. I googled and there’s no extra charge for jumbo taxi, the base price is slightly higher and that’s all. I think hotel staff member should be aware of that their customers can be getting ripped off by taxi drivers. My wife and I had an early appt at the embassy. Shilla Stay is very close. there are many restaurants in the area and the subway is a healthy walk away. nice Good location Except the staff - they refused breakfast 5 minutes before it closed, plus the check-in was not really friendly. But the Hotel was good. We, family of 3, stayed in a family twin room with 1 queen and 1 twin bed. There was barely any space left in the room with our 3 suit cases. Since the location was great, close to everywhere we wanted to visit, we liked the hotel until we got to know another hotel in Myong dong where the room was much bigger with slightly higher in price. Staff was very polite and friendly though. Shilla Stay Gwanghwamun is a lovely hotel. It's in a great location (right next to Gwanghwamun Square, Gyeongbok Palace, and more), the rooms are clean and quickly prepared, the staff are friendly and helpful (and speak English), and the morning breakfast has a great selection. Definitely recommended. Convenient location - metro within 5 minutes walk; Restaurants within walking distance (1 minute to 10 minutes); Terrific value for money, the room is nice designed and clean, though a bit small. As in Korea, most taxi drivers are above 50 years ago and don't understand English well. They sometimes find it difficult to locate the hotel. Easy to communicate with english speating staff. Prompt care of room. Would have been nice to have a pool there. Easy to get to many sites, nice rooms overall! Excellent location near major palaces and museums, and a few subway stops to other major attractions. Only con was the lighting system in the room is a bit confusing. Bathroom could use a night light. It was a pleasant stay. Great food nearby and we were situated at the heart of Seoul where the Gyeongbok Palace, Gwanghwamun, Insadong, Myeong Dong, basically prime tourist spots were all a walking distance away. Clean rooms with great service. Would stay there the next time we travel again. Specially every single staff I met was very nice :) and best location if you looking for good Korean food Best location, near to attractions.. specially the room was very clean, big like 5 star hotel. but the price was affordable. good for travellers, business men.. anyone would like this hotel.. I will visit here again nxt time We had to stay for one night then checkout to travel to other cities within Korea. As I was coming back to seoul to stay with them in four days time I asked whether they would be ok to hold on to my luggage. Despite the gap till the next check in, they said yes :) Nice location & clean warm room” 최고” epic service!” 최고” Excellent Hotel” Good business hotel at the edge of the city” Convenient Stay” Clean, modern and fuss free hotel” almost perfect ^^” Good choice all the time” 최고” Best hotel ever” Work Trip” 최고” Amazing ” Seoul” there's no better choice!” Very good” it's great!” Good location and friendly staff” Location: This hotel is locate in CBD with convenient transportation. It’s very easy to airport with subway. And it’s very short walk from subway entrance to hotel. Surrounding environment: Around the hotel, there are so many café shops to solve the breakfast. Starbucks is just in the 1th floor. If you walked to Lotte department stores, duty free shop and Myeongdong, you just needed less than 10 minutes. Although I do not like Lotte. If you wanted to Gyeongbokgung Palace, city hall and any other famous scenic spots, you can walked to. Room: The room is very clean and warm, especially Seoul was subzero temperature. Wash supplies are Aveda. Somedays the towels were a little old (been washed for many times), but still clean. Service: The lobby manager and other staffs are very enthusiastic with soft touch. Next time when I travel in Seoul, it must be my top choice. Overall good stay arrived hotel too early by accident. it was one of coldest day in seoul. they allowed us to check-in before 9am. didn't ask any additional charges, they just said room is ready! I would definitely visit again! applause to their epic service and management flexibility! room was little small but bedding was clean amd cozy. additional point for their amenities(AVEDA). awesome job team! Room is clean. Staff are generally friendly. Great location and walking distance to many places of interest such as Insadong, palaces and gwanghwamun square. Many eateries around the area. Excellent and very clean hotel. Staff are very courteous, helpful, and professional. Hotel location is very convenient too. Great for everybody. Highly recommend Shilla Stay! Walking distance to cafes, restaurants and convenience stores, with Starbucks just downstairs, and easily accessible to the subway (5-10mins walk away). The Gyeongbokgung Palace, Bukchon Hanok Village, and Cheonggyecheon Steam are all within 15 mins walk of the hotel. Centrally located, new hotel, Good value for money located at a very good location to explore the city. About a 15min walk to myeongdong. very Friendly staff, perfect location in the middle of most tourism point in seoul, below level of bulding is starbuck ,burger king and some local food, a bit small room but everything is there. As I have frequent Business trip to Korea and was happy to find out this hotel that is only 5mins on foot to my client's office. The staffs are kind and willing to help when I have some problems. Room is clean and I liked the Bathroom's amenities those are from AVEDA. Perfect location, friendly staff, room was so clean, I definitely recommend this hotel to stay. I will stay again if I go to Seoul again. Best hotel ever Close proximity to the subway, has a decent GYM and rooms pretty clean and dusted. We enjoyed our 14 days stay in this hotel. The service, amenities, and most specially the location was perfect. The hotel is very near to Insadong, Myeongdong, Gwanghwamun Square. Also, Gangnam is only 10,000 won taxi ride, around 15-20 minutes only. Will definitely stay here again this December! However, the only bad thing about this hotel and for other hotels in Seoul is that the air-conditioning system is not opened during spring. And there are days when the temperature is warm. But luckily, the hotel provides an electric fan when requested. Nice hotel , price good, convience highly recommended Nice hotel great location friendly staff Super good lcation. Quite small room but cozy, clean, and modern. Plus kind and helpful staffs. Nice stay! Thank you:) Perfect place to stay and relax facilities, food, room rate, convenience and service are wonderful. We enjoyed our stay in the hotel. It's near to subway station and some tourist spots. The staff are polite and speak good English. There was not a problem for us but we found that the bathroom was a little bit slippery. We think this could be improved. There was no (not enough) cover between the shower and the toilet. That caused the wet floor. As long as we take a precaution, that'll not create any harm. So, be careful.
Spacious comfortable room & efficient shuttle service” Superb location with superb free shuttle bus service” Amazing Hotel in the middle of the city” King Suite ” It has everything you need.” Good stay” LOCATION” This is a nice hotel and highly recommended for families with children..” Exceptional ” Clean and Comfy” Clean and reasonable size room, good location!” Wonderful stay near Myeongdong ” 최고” Convenience location and good service ” 최고” Value for money, comfortable stays ” Great stay” Very accommodating staff, clean and good faciities, great breakfast buffet, love our 5 days stay . ” Well located, modern, nice breakfast, shuttle” I’ll stay again 100%” It was very pleasant to saty in PJ, staff are well converse in English, friendly and helpful. The room is spacious and very comfortable & clean. The shuttle service makes our Seoul trip so easy to commute around. It ferry us from the hotel to MyeongDong Street, KwangJang Market, Dongdaemun etc. As transport is very expensive in Seoul, this service also a huge saver for us. Besides that, just take us 5mins walk to airport limousines station and Chungmoro subway station. Will definitely choose this hotel again if I go back to Seoul. Hotel is clean and nice. Rooms are spacious with nice breakfast. The free shuttle.bus to various tourism places is a big plus and totally value for money!! Staffs are friendly and helpful. We stays 8 persons in 3 rooms. We were forced to check out earlier due to family member passed away and have to fly back to.he country and hotel staff is so generous to have checked with booking company and refund us some money. Really appreciate it! Will definitely recommend this hotel to friends. Will give it 5/5 stars. Hotel PJ is probably one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. It’s modern comfortable rooms paired with an amazing staff make it stand out from everywhere else. Nestled in the middle of most of the major attractions the hotel is great for people who have come to Korea for the first time. Easy check in and comfortable ameneities are some of the highlights. The breakfast buffet serves fresh fruit, bread, Korean classics and has an omelette bar. We spent 3 night in the king suite and we loved everything about it! The room is very big and very bright with a lot of tall windows and a bubble bath. The hotel is very bright and luxurious as well with very nice staff. They lend umbrellas and rain suit for free. There is a laundry area as well as a gym! The hotel in istelf is accessible and overall well placed even though you have to walk a bit to get to the nearest station. The only thing we didn't like was the toilets, as they are situated in the bathroom, but vith a view on part of the living room and the "door" is made of transparent metal so it was a bit awkward to go to the toilets when your partner can just see everything if he walks past. Other that that, loved it! <3 The rooms are clean and has everything you need. The staff are courteous and helpful. What made me choose this hotel is their free transport/shuttle bus to some nearby tourist spots and shopping centers. They also helped book our taxi for airport transfers. Local restaurants, cafe, and convenience store are also in the 1st floor of the building or just across the street. Definitely a value for money. We will still choose this hotel on our next visit. Our travel group is 17 pax. The beds and pillows are comfortable. Rooms are clean. Toilet is clean but flush is poor. Cold and hot water are available in every level. Security is strong on every level. Beside the lift security, there is additional card access on every floor before accessing all the rooms. Good security. Staff spoken English a bit poor. Told me the wrong bed type for 2 cards. Older taxi drivers does not know PJ hotel. Remember to bring hotel card or choose younger drivers. Was heading back to Canada after living in Gyeongju for a few years. Easy to get a taxi from Seoul Station to this hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Nice rooms. Great location as it is near a couple of different subway stations so easy to get around the city if needed. Not far from the downtown area of Seoul. New and very clean. Would stay here again if I needed a place near the downtown area of Seoul. Very clean hotel and provides the basic needs and even had a dispenser for hot and cold drinking water and a dispenser for ice cubes near our room. The concierge speaks english well and is very helpful in giving directions. No open restaurants by 9pm nearby. A convenience store is just a few steps away. Hotel PJ is my number 1 choice since my first stay in 2019. On my second stay, I was given free room upgraded. Room as usual was clean and spacious. Staffs were friendly and helpful. Free shuttle bus provided between myeongdong and dongdaemun. I will definitely choose PJ if I come to seoul again. Thank you so much. Hotel PJ located in its own little quiet area off the busy Myeongdong area. Upon entering the hotel you are greeted by the friendly staff, and they swiftly help you check-in to the hotel. Hotel room was spotless, pristine, just absolutely clean. A hotel I would recommend to anyone. We stayed in the triple bed room and it was a pleasant and great stay. Clean and well equiped. Location of hotel is smack right in the middle between 2 other train station, easily accessible area. There are plenty of food choices in the area too. Would stay in Hotel PJ again if coming back to Seoul! 1st time stay in PJ hotel and no regret! Room is consider huge for the rate they charge and they have full amenities! Free shuttle service to and back from Myeongdong and Dongdaeman . Near subway station and airport bus. Staff is very friendly and very welcoming! Recommend to all It was our first time visiting Korea and all we knew is that we wanted to stay somewhere near the Myeongdong Area. After searching for hotels near that area and finding Hotel PJ, we booked a Luxury Quad (which in the picture showed 4 single beds in a studio type room). After checking in, we were upgraded to a beautiful spacious 1 bedroom with an extra vanity/living room-- even though we did not request for it. We were also placed in a floor exclusively for women which made us feel very safe. There is also a water dispenser in the hallway which we really loved. The staff were a huge help when we wanted to go to places since they speak very good English. The free shuttle bus helped us save a lot of money whenever we wanted to go to places near the area. I have absolutely no complaints with this hotel and would definitely recommend it with it's very reasonable price. Will surely be staying here again when we visit Korea. The location is good, near 3 subway stations, the shuttle bus service is a plus, take you to Myeong Dong in day time then Dongdaemun at night, would be much better if the schedule is more frequent. Room was clean but the bathroom needs maintenance as there was water leaking from somewhere and the floor was wet all the time. In general the service is great, staff can speak multi languages, helpful to keep my food in fridge after check out. Will consider to stay in here again. Very good experience. Hotel very clean and Location quite good. Hotel provide shuttle bus to Myeongdong, Namdaemun, dongdaemun. Hotel staffs very friendly and helpful. Room service is excellent, , location is good with 2 subway station, can either use hotel shuttle bus or subway, short walking distance from both subway. Nice hotel. We had a big room. Theres a water and ice dispenser at the hallway. Nice location. Near to some tourist spots and of course myeongdong for shopping. The only thing that needs improvement is the breakfast which remained the same all through out our stay. Great service, accommodation and faciliies for a reasonable price . Within walking distance of many attractions. Nice shuttle service to popular areas. Very comfortable with nice details. Not so many restaurants around the hotel but the hotel was much better than I expected. Staff member is professional and helpful. The hotel is only 5-minute walk from underground station, very good location Definitely sure to stay again ! Great for toddlers” Great location and smooth checking ” Shuttle bus is great” Strategic place. near Myeongdong and easy to access the subway” Great Option” Best Hotel with very Good Staffs” Value for money ” 최고” Excellent ” Best hotel in korea for such an relevent price” value for money ” Spacious room! We had a lovely stay! ❤️” 최고” Great location and worth of money ” Great stay! Will definitely go back!” Great price for good sized room” 최고” First time in Seoul ” Excellent service!” We Always Try To Stay Here” We love the service, location, cleanliness, staff, and facilities! Superb! Will definitely come back to this hotel when in Seoul. The notable advantage of Hotel PJ Myeongdong is its location which is close to the train stations. The staffs are friendly. The checking in and out was very smooth and quick. The location is very convenient with just a short walk to the subway and airport limo service. There is also a free shuttle service that runs every hour which takes you to a few night markets, shopping etc. It was really easy and nice benefit to staying at this hotel. There is a bakery and several restaurants downstairs. We had two rooms: one with 4 single beds and two bathrooms and the other with 2 double beds. The 4 single beds was really big and the second bathroom, which was a shower and sink only, really cut down the wait time when everyone was getting ready. The hotel is very nice with lots to see and eat very close by. There is a lounge we can use for free next to lobby, it is very comfortable. This is an American style hotel with all the amenities. Front counter staff spoke english and were very courteous. Best option I found in the center of tons of things to do. Overall, outstanding. My family and myself just loved the Hotel Service was very very Good, Total a Clean and Green Hotel. I hope we can stay there again if we r flying back to Korea. Location is good! There is airport shuttle, hotel free shuttle to travel around the main shopping streets and malls, Subway is all around (different lines to different places. Recommended! Clean and Econimical Arrived at the hotel about noon and the hotel allowed us to check in earlier. The free shuttle bus service to certain locations in Seoul was a great help for us to visit the popular sights in Seoul. Some other additional plus points of the hotel are they provide free lockers to store luggage before check in time or after checking out, there was a water dispenser on our floor where we can refill water at any time, the hotel also provided us umbrellas when it rain for us to proceed with our sightseeing. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful during our stay in the hotel. Stayed for 5 days, staff were lovely and the hotel is in a great place between euljiro 3 and Chungmuro stations so easy access to the rest of Myeong-dong Staffs are kind, rooms clean with luxury facilites Recommended hotel. Service is good. Staffs are kind,helpful, friendly. Clean room. Near subway, good and authentic restaurants. Peaceful area. Easy to find. We booked a standard double room with king sized bed. We were surprised to have been given an immensely large room at the corner/end of the hall! The next time we book here, I will personally request again for room 838 👌 Staff were all helpful and cheerful. Desk front and concierge staff were good in English. The ambience of the interiors is very calm, relaxing with five-star feel. Toilet/Bath is huge as well. Clean and tidy. Bed was comfy. I love the pillows and the linens! Toiletries though were basic - Unlike other hotels I've been to in Seoul which provided masks, moisturisers, and bubble bath. Hotel is not centrally located in Myeongdong. It may take around 15min walk to the main shopping streets. But the best thing was FREE SHUTTLE which runs from early morning to 1:30am! If you're into shopping in Myeongdong and Dongdaemun, this will save you money on transportation! Meet up points for tours are also a walking distance. There's a japanese resto near the hotel that I think is open for 24hrs. They serve the best Grilled mackerel! Café N Story, a bread shop and a convenience store are located at the ground floor. Airport Bus Station is also a few meters away. We'll definitely stay here again! The room size was just enough for a family plus luggage. The bed and pillows were soft and comfortable, and we appreciated the daily make up of the room. Location was great and the complimentary shuttle service is really a wonderful bonus. Will stay here again on our next visit to Seoul. It's about 4 minutes away from the train station. We are in a group of 3. It is nice that this hotel provides room for 3 person, it is nice staying together with friends. They have coway water dispenser in the walk way. Also, hotel provides free shutter bus to myeongdong, Dongdaemun as well as train stations. It's super convenient. It's worth of money! Will definitely come back again. Pros: - has a free shuttle that travels every 30 mins from the hotel to various parts of the city - spacious room - room is constantly cleaned - very kind and helpful staff - breakfast buffet is amazing Cons - none!!! Saw a review that the hotel is not well located. True that is not right smacked in the middle of myeongdong but is easily accessible to everywhere. Hotel staff service was great and for the price the room is v comfortably large Love the complimentary bus service that brings us to various shopping areas! There's also a large-enough convenience store next to the hotel for us to grab snacks/supper without having to venture out too much. We stayed at the Premier Triple room which is pleasant and spacious for my family. We went one step further and "joined" 2 of 3 beds, which made it a giant bed for the kids to roll around :P Thank you Hotel PJ Myeongdong! :) It’s my holidays in PJ hotel. Nothing to say bad to PJ. Every thing good and people are so good and nice. Breakfast is very good western and Korean food. Big plass that’s PJ having free Shuttle buses to downtown . Hi give 9 to 10 points for everything and thanks a lot I have nice holidays in Seoul with PJ . Highly recommend for everyone good choice stay with PJ hotel . Shuttle bus was very convenient for getting to key locations, and even for getting to the hotel from those locations. Facilities were clean and modern. Did not get to try the breakfast at the hotel though, as it was not included with our room. It's a little off the beaten path, but close in at the same time. Certainly very quiet, in the middle of a big city. In some ways, the hotel sneaks up on you. From the subway stop, you end up walking downhill, through and alley, with many small restaurants along its length. Suddenly you pop out of the alley, and there is the hotel. You certainly don't see it coming, so it sneaks up on you. Check in is efficient. The staff is gracious. And the rooms are nice. If you opt for the breakfast buffet (I would), it's quite delicious, and will last you for the whole day. Are you a long way from everything when staying here? Not really. They run a scheduled bus service around to many of the points of interest, and the subway right up that alley, and the bus to the airport is right across from the subway station. We really like this hotel, and if you shop the Agoda site, it is very reasonable (and don't forget to add the breakfast buffet). It is our first choice when staying in Seoul. I quite imagine it will be yours as well, after you give it a try. Highly recommended. :-) Lovely Hotel” Unexpected Gem” Value and convenience” Stunning hotel.” Secure Rooms and Room Conviniece” Spacious Hotel” Such a nice room with balcony. The room was big for three people and the bed was very comfy. ” Great Location” Very convenient place to stay☆” Nice hotel, but the location is a bit off from center, but when you get used to it, it is okay.” I had Netflix on TV!” Super recommend ” 최고” Nice hotel with spacious room.” A week in Seoul” Best Stay Ever” Love this place” 최고” Spacious and clean rooms” Excellent Overall” The Hotel PJ is nicely located and it a very nice hotel. The staff are very nice and professional, and attentive. We didn’t expect much but was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the room and the facilities. The room was a little small but it is functional and it have all our needs. The bed was large, I love the cooler and hot water dispenser provided outside the room, the shuttle services, the bakery, the CU, the bank, the money changer, the proximity to the KTX. It is great for families with young children. Big rooms, clean, reasonable price and convenient transportation to shopping areas. Great hotel with extremely helpful and friendly staff. We were given a room upgrade upon arrival free of extra charge! The pros is the shuttle bus that can get you to Myeong-don and Dongdaemun easy and free. Early check in is available with reasonable price. Hotel location is 5 minutes walk from chungmuro station. In very cold weather this is quite challenging. Fisrt time traveller to this hotel shuld better take taxi or have hotel transfer rather than taking airport bus. Staff are nice and helpful. Overall it is a nice stay here. I really the hotel. It finitely one of the nicest hotels. It has free shuttle bus to main area nearby the hotel. The bed was really comfy and the hotel has good facilities and amenities including laundry and gym. Bath could have been bigger. Nice staff. Room is clean and spacious. We've stayed in 5 nights with cozy and relax. Under the Covid restrictions including closed gym, limit of breakfast and no concierge, I have a valuable service by a great guy who work as a reception team leader when I've checked out. Thanks again for his kindness and professionalism. Hope to see you again. Julian Price is good, buffet breakfast is very good. We enjoy a nice breakfast before going on the road. Super !! It is between 2 subways, walk is about 7 to 10 mins. I stayed in a premier room that has a proper dressing table and a small dining table. The room is huge and i love the space. The location is a 10mins walk to Gwangjang Market and 15mins walk to Myeong Dong main street. Nearest Subway station is 5 mins walk away too. Highly recommended! I’m strongly recommend Hotel PJ if you like to go to young Lotte plaza , Lotte department store and some night market street. 4 station bus from hotel to the place. Hotel also provide free shuttle , baggage Locker and staff there are very very nice. Room is big. And I really appreciate the complimentary shuttle service although the hotel is located with 3 subway stations nearby. Very close to the subway. Staff is nice! The hotel is fabulous, staff are most helpful abd pleasant. Rooms are immaculate. Laundry facilities helpful. Close to multiple subway stations and a 15 minute walk to Meyongdong markets. Will definitely atay at PJ if in Seoul again. Highly recommend. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to book this hotel. The breakfast was delicious and enough to fill your tummy. Booked the Quad Room and it was huge! The staff was so accommodating and friendly by trying their best to meet my requests. The plus point was my room had a Namsan Tower view which was awesome. The FREE shuttle sends you around the famous tourist and shopping spots which helped me save cost on transport. Thanks for the great hospitality, Hotel PJ! Keep up the good work! Highly recommended. Free shuttle within the area. Newly established. New facilities The hotel is very clean, the staff are very friendly. The rooms are big so the kids were able to play in the room. Such a luxury reasonable priced. Very helpful staff. Shuttle bus was a great, unexpected addition to the overall experience Getting around from Hotel PJ was great. Elevator directly leads into subway, staff was very helpful and property is very popular for weddings, so the place is kept in great condition. The staff are quite helpful. Rooms are clean, deposit luggage technology is pretty great.” 최고” Great hotel” Wonderful hotel with very cooperative staff” Value for Money ” Wendy from Malaysia” Nice stay” Clean room” Travel with classmates” The best place ever, all of them are nice.” Family with 2 children” Good value for money and clean rooms” the room is spacious and clean” Xmas vacay” Great location/Great Price” Lovely Hotel simply” Nice hotel in a quiet location ” No complaints” Nice facility and rooms” good place to stay ” Will definitely recommend to colleagues. The Mandarin staff is helpful and polite,. She is willing to answer our inquiry. Room is clean & tidy. Nice room, helpful staff, be back for sure The hotel was absolutely marvelous. Room was spacious, clean and well maintained. The bed was really big and comfortable. The staff was courteous. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The cafe and bakery are also good. located at strategic location, staff are friendly, shuttle bus are help us to reach popular spot area in seoul. Always overslept every morning ..... big room and clean. overall if you go to seoul Hotel PJ Myeongdong are best recommended hotel in this area. Hotel is star grade! Staff is helpful especially at luggages desk staff whom can explain and speak chinese very well. Like the complimentary bus services very much which will get u thru almost whole Myeongdong/Dongdaemun shopping area as ride Taxi there not cheaper. The buses save alot and just follow their schedule which is every 1/2 - 1 hr buses service at destination pick up. We take deluxe triple room as we have older and kids along. Room space spacious! Stayed in hotel PJ at a very economic price. Its located between Myeongdong and Dongdamen. If you like walk a city, you can visit most attraction points on foot. It takes around 7 mins to go nearest metro station. The hotel is not new, but well maintained. Room is big. Balcony is not a must as outside is not really good. Have toothpaste and standard amentities. Clean enough. Shuttle bus provided but not whole day schedule. Free admission to Running man experience center for now. This is my second time staying at this hotel, my first experience is great, but this time is not as good. Their balcony is smaller than my first visit, well, maybe the grade of the room is different, but the heater in our room is not right. It could be blowing out hot air today but cold air the next day. The remote control for the air con does not control the temperature at all. Location wise is quite good, about 15 min walk to myeongdong shopping street. Hotel PJ is clean and room is spacious. We had a triple sharing room. Stayed a week with friends. Train station is about 5 mins walk. Hotel breakfast is yummy. Water dispenser machine is available. Overall, a happy stay. Mini bus is convenient and on time. Cya for bext year Premier twin with 2 bed size 150x200cm They have a women-only section which is a nice touch. They are not located in a vibrant area but provide regular interval transportation to nearby shopping areas which is a huge plus. i love to stay at this hotel because the room is spacious and clean and the hotel provides shuttle to nearby area until Dongdaemun until 2 am in the morning and near the hotel many restaurants as well Cons: "1ST DAY, IT WAS HARD TO LOCATE, since it doesn't show on gps walking way beds are quite hard PROS: staff very friendly has shuttle drop offs to subway locations Alot of local food place around Alot of mini mart around Has a water & ice refill station Subway station is 5mins (or so) walk Airport limo bus station is nearby (From & To Incheon airport bus 6015) Myeong-dong street market is jus 1 stop ryd by train If ever u book with Klook for ur adventures, always choos myeong-dong meet up, jus 1 stop train ride breakfast buffet was good Great price, large room. Good option for families looking for a central location. All of its nice really. Hotel facilities and staff are great. For our 6-day stay, breakfast is included and each day is a somewhat different. The usual favorites however stay. What is a little inconvenient though is the location. It’s about at least 1.5km away from the busy Myeongdong street. But overall, we are pleased with our stay. I stayed here for two nights and would definitely stay here when I return to Seoul, which I do once or twice a month. Clean, beautiful carpeted hallway, and nice and friendly staff. Location though is not the best because subway station is not that near, and Myeongdong downtown street market is also bit far. However they have shuttle bus service and this compensate on that good location, good place to stay, reli happy to live in PJ hotel . First Visit to Korea” value for money, nice place for vacation, clean and safe” Excellent option of hotel Seoul” 최고” Travel with friends” out of expectation -high cost performance ” Great Location” 최고” Premier triple and Premier twin room” Impressed ” Clean, spacious hotel” A great hotel to stay in. For a solo traveler, it is safe to stay in and easily accessible. ” Great Location” 최고” VERY GOOD !!!!!!” Great deal.” Convenient, clean, big room and friendly staff” 최고” Great place” Very good hotel ” Pros: Free shuttle service is great to get around Myeongdong. Tour services can be arranged through hotel. Con: Laundry service was small with two washers and two dryers. One of the washers was out of order. So there was a line to wash clothes at night. everything good! but the location is a bit far from subway anyway, i recommend this place for your vacation Spacious rooms with balcony and great location. Satisfied with this hotel. Clean. Well presented. Good facilities. Excellent staff. Great location, near subway. I love that they have free shuttle for their customers. Easy and convenient. I would be happy to come back again and highly recommend this place. If you are looking for a nice, spacious and clean room, choose Hotel PJ! You will not be disappointed! My child and friends enjoyed their 7 days stay there. very nice n good quality hotel , the buffet breakfast is good with lots of choices, very tidy n comfort - Room was for a family of 4 - I booked the one with a balcony - Free shuttle service to shopping area (Schedule timings till 2am) - Coin laundry/ Dryer - Lvl 8 - Train station 3 mins walk - Coffee joint B1, called Angel in us - just a short walk outside - Supermarket joint B1, 24hrs - just short a walk outside Overall it was fantastic. Clean and spacious room. In a centralize location between myeongdong and dongdaemun. Is a plus as free shuttle bus provided to the above 2 locations. Staffs were friendly and helpful. Rooms with smoking balcony are available. Near to train station. We stayed at this hotel for the first and last day of our Korea trip. I like the premier room which is spacious. Hotel breakfast is great too and has a good variety. Very good location near to Main bus and train station. Room really so clean and warm The hotel is very near to a street of restaurants, plus point is that they provide shuttle bus to Myeongdong, Dongdaemun etc. Make it very convenient for shopping Shuttle bus brings alot of convienece to me! Decent room; great location. The hotel surroundings got a little disappointed (like a wet market; noisy). But it felt safe. Shuttle bus could have been more frequent. nice hotel, with unlimited water provided by the hotel PERFECT !!!!! Clean, nice hotel with friendly staff at a really great price. Breakfast was just ok but well worth it overall. Room ready by the time we arrive at 1300 Area to Improve: Open the gym at 6AM instead of 8AM Clean, pleasant staff, clean hotel Con: same breakfast everyday Very clean 👌 and good organized 👌 One of the best hotel in South Korea” 최고” Spacious and tidy room , good for young children ” The travel’s in PJ Hotel ” 최고” 최고” 최고” 최고” 최고” 최고” Decent” Shuttle bus” Good to stay” Great accessibility ” good service ” 최고” 최고” Great hotel for the price” Recommended at a reasonable price” Hotel with good location” Great facilities, amazing breakfast and good service. Very recommended. shuttle bus services was great, nothing much nearby the hotel but having convenience store is good enough for us Spacious and tidy room , good for young children -Excellent services in staying the PJ hotel. Very claen and good price The shuttle bus is a huge bonus service and was very convenient! Big Room, Free Shuttle bus , total 4 different colour subway near hotel . Have shuttle bus to myungdong and dongdaemun and overnight luggage lockers Spacious and tidy room, good for young children really value for money! and i love double security there! Been here twice and will come again Life saver. U can walk, take a cab or just take the shuttle bus to go around myeongdong. Kind, Professional, Nice place to stay when you visit Myeongdong There are 2 metro lines just a quick walk away from the hotel, making easy to travel to places like Myeongdong! There was also a CU and a lovely cafe just below the hotel! Great stay overall :-) good service and good location Staff are very polite, room gets cleaned twice a day and hotel itself is nice plus the bonus balcony and luggage storage. Pros: They offered luggage kiosk for storage - free up to 12 hours. Approach the receptions if you have to store the luggage for more than 12 hours. Cons: Heavy construction at the side of the hotel. Can still hear the noise at 3am... Top location. Friendly and competent staff. The room itself is clean and has everything you need. I stayed in the hotel alone and I would totally recommend it to other solo travelers. Not so new hotel but condition and service is tip top. Located near a few subway station lines. You may have to walk about 800m to the hotel. PJ Hotel is conveniently located between 2 subway stations. It's also near airport bus stop. There is a nice restaurant serving jajangmian, jjampong and sweet sour pork online. The alley beside the hotel has many bbq beef rib joints 최고” 최고” Easy to get on bus” 최고” Great stay very near to Euljiro station and Chingmuru station ” Very nice and clean” Nice hotel with good location” Great breakfast (on the weekends)” Clean room” Ecxellent” good” 최고” Fantastic ” High Class Hotel” Very Nice Hotel - Clean and convenient” Great Little Hotel” Excellent service ” Precious and Joy - just the right name for this hotel” Clean & good service!!” 최고” Clean and comfortable room, helpful and friendly staff, and convenient location. Except a poor quality breakfast of the first day, my experience of staying was good. Will stay again in the future very convinient for access to Myeongdong and plenty of restaurants near Easy to go by bus more than by metro. 3-4 stops to Myeondong/ Dongdaemun. Nice hotel and very clean. Looks very korean hotel for events (wedding). Can try for experience and if you love peace and stay abit out of crowded areas Great hotel stay with friendliest staffs! Stay for two nights with parking and the staff are very helpful. One thing I really like is the water dispenser so no need to boils water😅 Far from myeongdong area ie 1 station away. Hotel was v v good tough very good location, near 2 and 3 line of subway, they have lady floor with very good smell. I really enjoy my stay The room was spacious! We enjoyed breakfast a lot. We want to go back! Staff spoke English. We were given a room on the ladies floor but I noticed that there were couples on this floor too. Room was big with a balcony. Cleaned daily. The subway is 5 mins away. Walking to Gwangjang market and Myeongdong takes about 20 mins but if u prefer u can take the subway. They hv shuttle bus service to both on weekends only. There is a CU convenient store nearby and some nice bbq places just next door. Must go good . So fun Pros: - Very clean and well structured room - Staffs are helpful and friendly - Nice breakfast - Location near train stations - Shuttle buss to nearest train station Cons: - Location a bit hard to find when you first time alight Special thanks to a staff that in charge of booking cab. We had a lot of luggages and he was able to find a cab to fit our luggages into 1 cab, simply amazing. Overall, we plan to return to this hotel if we go to Seoul again in near future Near to Subway station and near Myeongdong Market Street. Very clean and had 4 single beds which ensured good sleep for the family. Exceeded our expectations. Room was big with a very usable balcony. Clean and tidy with most everything one will need for a few days stay. Self service laundry was useful for us. All in, very satisfied with our experience here. Friendly staff. Good location. Very clean and elegant. 1. Location is great, near the shopping malls in Myeong-dong & Dongdaemun but good enough that it is kind of far from the busy crowd. Overslept every night of our stay here :-D and that's great since we are on a vacay. 2. It looks like a 7 from the outside but wait till you see the inside, easily an 11 from 1-10 ;-) 3. Clean suites, the ladies made up our room on a daily. Replenished our toiletries even without asking +++ 4. Read the description, no early check-in. We took a red-eye flight from MNL - ICN and arrived at the Hotel around 10. I attempted to ask if there are rooms available for an early check-in, front desk said Nope. Hotel was full that day. Maybe they saw how tired we looked as we were ushered to the guest lounge so we can stretch a little, charge our devices and enjoy a cup of tea or 2. After a couple of minutes, we were told we can check-in, NO EXTRA COST. That, for me, is GREAT SERVICE. Thanks to the gentlemen at the front desk. Overall, HOTEL PJ is a MUST in Seoul. great with upgrade to bigger room, it's beautiful & comfortable! Staff is helpful & friendly! Nice location which could take subway into line 2 and 3 . it closes to 3 stations indeed. It is convenient to go to city centre by shuttle bus service provided. The room is big compared with other hotels in similar price level and similar areas. Nice Hotel. Service are excellent. Location is good.” Nice ” Good service.” 최고” No complaints.” Hotel has shuttle bus which is very convenient. They have staff that can speak Chinese, English etc.” Excellent Choice Hotel” courteous helpful staff and central location” Value hotel” 최고” Big and clean room” 최고” 최고” Amazing stay” great location” Good” 7 Nights at Hotel PJ” 최고” Shuttle bus provide ” Enjoyed my stay!” Will recommend and will stay again. Very nice room and huge bathroom. Perfect for our family. Didn’t try breakfast. The location is good. Service is excellent. We arrive early at 1pm and hotel can arrange early check in. We can keep our luggage for two days free of charge as we will come back after two days. There is Ladies Floor and this is good for us. Highly recommended. Will stay again. The room is very nice!!! We traveled in a group of 9. The rooms were spacious and clean. No complaints. Location is good that not too close to the crowd but you can find the Airport bus nearby and railway station nearby. A CU convenient store is downstairs which allow residents to have snacks anytime. The room is big enough too. So this was a really good experience. Very friendly staff. Convenient to many locations. Shuttle service is great. The hotel is centrally located.I wanted to cover some specific tourist locations and that's why I choosed the hotel after reading some reviews.The Agoda reviews were true (thanks to all the travellers.)The staff was very helpful, courteous from the moment we arrived. Reception,coincerage, housekeeping and even the shuttle drivers.(recommend using shuttle for going around )The MRT stations are within walking distance. Just a thing I missed catching up in the earlier reviews.The business locality near around hotel is majorly wholesale lighting/LED,furniture,interiors and hardware dominated.If you interested to buy!!! Location was good and rooms are cleans. Great service, staff were well versed in English. Breakfast buffet were disappointing as options for non-korean tourist were limited. Located at a prime location with 3 subway stations nearby and near shopping areas like myeongdong & dongdaemun. Provides free shuttle buses to these areas too. walking distance to chungmuro station and eugilro 4 sa station. Walkway towards eugilro 4 sa station can be quite dark at night with high possibilities of meeting drunk people. Room and toilet is extremely spacious. There's guests lounge at the lobby too, which you can charge your phone while waiting for your group to gather. I will recommend families to book premium twin room for the big beds, toilet and seating area for late meals. Met our needs perfectly. In between 2 train station and they provide bus service to quite a few places which you will likely revisit. Staff was super helpful and friendly. Our room was very spacious and the king size bed was so comfortable! Hotel also offers free shuttles to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun every hour, so shopping was very convenient. Would stay here again the next time we visit Seoul! hotel is located near myeongdong. hotel provides shuttle bus to few locations within the hotel range. mrt is within walking distance. all is good Airport to Hotel: From Incheon airport, ride the 6015 bus (15,000 KRW per pax for approximately 1 hour, give or take, depending on traffic) and get off at either Best Western Premier Kukdo Hotel or Chungmuro Station. You'll have to walk to the hotel from either of these stops. Check online for details if via train. Hotel PJ check-in: You may take the stairs or elevator to the hotel lobby. Our check-in process didn't go so well. Arrived at the hotel around 2pm. Unsmiling, stern-faced, harried-looking and uninviting front desk staff had trouble communicating in English and room wasn't ready until 5pm. No explanation provided by staff. Room: Enough space for 2 large suitcases. Clean room and comfortable bed. You'll have to request for specific toiletries because the cleaning staff replace only some of the items daily. Pros: Ice, cold and hot potable water available at the hallway. Free shuttle service 8:15am-6pm and 7pm-2am. Cons: Zero room service. Zero help with bags. Buffet N/A. Nice location. But the hotel is super crowded with wedding function Shuttle bus provide , save money and great safe to have locker to save our baggage The room is clean and surpassed my expectations. The staffs were friendly and helpful. The hotel is slightly far from the train station (about 10 mins) , however it does provides a shuttle service to the tourist attractions such as dongdaemun. Definitely will stay at this hotel again! Big room, quite old hotel, staff is good” Friendly staff ” Love rooms with balcony!” Great Family Hotel” All the things good ” Location & additional information” Great Hotel to stay” Best location” Return to an old friend” 최고” 2nd time staying in this hotel.” Close to the markets” Spacious room” Hotel with good amenities ” Valued for money and great location” Great Hotel Worth Repeat Visit” Fantastic” A Solid, High Value, An Reasonably Priced Hotel” Worth it for Money but a bit far from myeongdong” 최고” This hotel may not located at the heart of the famous area, Myeongdong. But it has shuttle to Myeongdong and Dangdaemun every 15 minutes in the morning. And the subway is very close, only less than 5 minutes walking. They gave me free upgrade, which I like the most, they are generous! The room is very spacious, it has tub, wardrobe, and quite complete amenities, and balcony! However, this hotel is quite an old building. But the maintain it very good! Overall I had a very nice stay with them. The hotel has shuttle to nearby shopping centers. Clean and accommodating staff. Location can be better as the weather was at the lowest of -14 during the time I visit. Lobby and waiting area for shuttle bus can be better improved with a heater. Poor butler have to brave the cold though. Room was clean and decently spacious. Love the balcony though it was super cold. Highly recommend!! We stayed 7 nights at Hotel PJ. We love everything here the location, the people and our room 502 there is also an ice, hot and cold water dispenser in front of our room. Our room was regularly fix and clean new towels even without requesting. Free hanbok wearing and photo shoot as well. We also love the smell every time we passed by the lobby. The shuttle service is also a great help for tourist like us. Will stay at Hotel PJ again in our future visit to Seoul. all the things are good (room is large 👍🏻) The shuttle bus service is excellent, very convenient for people shopping at Myeongdong. But one minor thing, no hair comb offer in the hotel room The location was slightly out of the main area but within a 10 minute walking distance, however, i felt safe walking back alone in the evening. The hotel providea free shuttle bus to take you into the main area. I received a free upgrade on check in. I liked the fact that there was additional swipe doors to enter the areas where the bedrooms are. Airport bus nearby, hotel provides shuttle to main sight-seeing locations. Staff are very friendly and helpful. 2 lines of subway nearby Loved this hotel. Got a free upgrade, so even better. Close to three subway stations which made it convienent to explore the place. Many local restaurants just outside the hotel which were very cheap. Great service and free shuttle was a bonus. While we've stayed at other properties in Seoul, we always come back here, if we can. It's easily reached from the airport via the airport bus, and a short walk down an unassuming (but safe) alley pops you out right in front of the hotel. It sneaks up on you. They were kind enough to let us check in early. As always, we opt for the breakfast buffet. The food is of very high quality, with a substantial variety.. When we were there the occupancy rate was rather low due to the holiday. No matter. The staff was exceptional, as is usual for Hotel PJ. We arranged for a tour to the DMZ on VERY short notice, and the Concierge was able to arrange it with a pickup time within the hour. Very impressive. The hotel shuttle bus (free) took us around to several shopping areas, and a short walk will take you to two closely situated Metro stations.. We just like this hotel. We've never had a problem with it. They upgrade our room free of charge because i booked a wrong room which is good for 2 only but we are 3 and they extend our check out from 12 to 1 free of charge also. 2nd time staying here, good location, in between green and orange subway lines. many eateries surrounding this hotel. 7-11 and CU just stone throw away. Will definitely stay again for the next visit to Seoul. I took my mom here for vacation so it was definitely all about location as she is in her 70s. We really loved the door man there, he was friendly, spoke good english, and hailed our taxis for us everyday. We ended up staying here for 5 days total. We didn't try their breakfast service as we wanted to explore Seoul and eat our way around the city. The location was great and the rooms were tidy and fairly big. I would definitely stay here again. The room was very spacious and comfortable for my stay. A good place to stay if you wish to connect to various sightseeing without much hassle as they provide free shuttle service Nice room, valued for money and great location This is a hotel where price is very good for money with spacious room, good location in the midst of many eateries and not far away from major shopping district plus efficient service and most importantly, the shuttle service which is very convenient. It is worth coming back again. Great.. just one word to describe it.. We've stayed here in the past, and have always loved Hotel PJ. The staff is always a pleasure to deal, and we've always found them attentive to our needs. The Concierge Staff really for us, on 45 minutes notice, to get us a great DMZ tour, at a wonderful price. They really went the extra mile for us. As always, the breakfast buffet was very impressive. Lots of variety of delicious Korean food. It's well worth it. The hotel is easier to get to now, by taking the Airport Bus directly tray s well publicized stop on their standard route. A short walk down a restaurant lined alley, and you are there. If you want to shop, there are hotel vans (free), that will take you to several different popular areas. There are also a couple of subway stops close by, within easy walking distance, or their bus will take you to one on their schedule. It is one of our favorite hotels as we travel the World. We cannot wait to go back and stay here again. Even a bit far from myeongdong (15 minutes walked) , they did provide transport to popular spot. It was an excellent experience and highly recommended for families and friend . Good service, Valued for Money” Near by electrical shops” Comfortable !” Very pleasant stay” Clean and good service” Good location” Comfortable bed, access to 3 subway lines” Excellent Shuttle Services to Major Malls in Myeongdong” Great stay” Great Service and Amenities” 최고” Hotel PJ Myeongdong” Excellent ” convenient location” good location and service” My favorite hotel” 최고” The free lockers are great!” Easy to go to Myeong Dong and most shopping area by free shuttle bus from the hotel” Amazing and friendly staff and service ” Hotel location is not very near to Myeongdong street but hotel provide own transport for their guest to most of the tourist spot. Very good service. Definitely will recommend to my friend who plan to travel in Seoul. Good When coming over from the airport , it is still manageable, you need to take bus number 6015 from the airport to reach the main road. You can tell the driver PJ hotel and they will stop you at the correct bus stop. From the bus stop , you need to walk down an alley under building ... it’s about a 2 minutes walk and you can see the hotel... Hotel offer me a free upgrade, as I am writing this review , I am still in their hotel. So that itself is enough to tell you how I felt about this hotel. They also have a free shutter bus service, 1 goes to Myeongdong area and the other , only operate after 7pm Brings you to a night shopping area that open till the wee hour of 5am ! ( however take note that the free shutter bus service end at 2am ) Overall I find this hotel to be wonderful, as for value for money - for SINGAPORE DOLLAR $90+ per night without breakfast is something that I felt it’s not right, with breakfast included in this price will make everything close to perfection for this Hotel !!! Location wise, it is extremely convenient - there are 3 train stations with around 5 mins walking distance from the hotel (blue, purple and green lines). There’s shuttle bus service from the hotel to Myeong dong (daytime) and dongdamun (night) but it is definitely walkable to Myeong dong, gwangjang market from the hotel. Need not worry about food because there’s 24 hour convenient store and some local restaurants open till late midnight (or 24H). Hotel room itself is very spacious and impressive (we booked premier triple), especially for 3 of us having lots of shoppings during this trip. We also like the hotel breakfast (15,000 won for hotel resident) and it is definitely worth to try! One important feature is the hotel offers free hanbok photo shooting for girls during weekdays (not difficult to reserve at all) and it was an amazing experience for me. This hotel is definitely one of my choices for my next trip to Seoul! Clean and good service Location good, there is shuttle bus . Not far away from subway. Easy to find food. Near convinient store. Room big enough Hotel location is quite good with 3 subway lines (2,3,4). Airport bus/Subway Chungmuro is about 5-7mins walk away. Surroundings is mostly offices/working area with Chungmuro side has shops/eateries. Convenient store is just 1min walk next to hotel. Hotel provides regular shuttle to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun area. If you want to walk to Myeongdong, it will be about 15mins walk. Gwangjang market is about 12mins walk away. Room is well kept and clean. Bed is comfortable. The self service refillable water service at each guest's level is very good to have. Overall, nice stay! https://www.tripadvisor.com.sg/ShowUserReviews-g294197-d306126-r541526273-Hotel_PJ_Myeongdong-Seoul.html# I had booked the Premier Triple and I loved the spacious layout although the toilet is a little small. However, there was 2 big closet for me to hang all my winter clothing and even space for me to store the luggage in another closet. The little dining corner was fantastic. My family of 5 sit together for warm tea and some cup noodles after a long cold day. The breakfast doesn't have much variety. Do not expect international style. The shuttle bus was an added advantage for tourist! We took the free shuttle bus to Lotte Mall, Myeongdong Shopping District, Dongdaemun etc.. There is also a 24 hours convenience store outside the hotel. And a restaurant that served nice Ginseng Chicken Soup and BBQ Korean food. Overall, this hotel is recommended. Highly recommended The hotel room we got was the Quadruple room. Very spacious! It also has a dining area. There are water filling stations (hot, cold and ice cubes) in the hallway of the hotel so there is no need to buy water. Hotel PJ offers free scheduled shuttle bus in Myeongdong area. This is very convenient for us tourists. They also have a free Hanbok Pictorial in the hotel but this is only for women. Would definitely come back to this hotel! Clean room. Advanced rooms. Small gym and business center. North Seoul. 20 minutes from Itaewon. Less than 3 miles from Seoul tower. Good coffee shop on the 1st floor. Nice staff. English speaking. We have booked this hotel expecting that there will be breakfast included; however, upon checking the confirmation, we don't see any indicator if breakfast is included or not. There is no option in the confirmation that we received to inquire if it will be included. It would be better if know first hand if it is included. Also, if the bedroom is for three, three towels should be readily available. I was happily surprised there was allocated locker if in case you checked out early and still wanted to explore Seoul. Room is big and clean. Provide free shuttle buses to Myeongdong and dongdaemun Hotel PJ is conveniently located in MyeongDong area wherein they offer free shuttle service for myeongdong and dongdaenum area. The room is spacious with complete amenities and they have water dispenser per floor. There are small authentic Korean resto, convenient stores outside the hotel. I will definitely be back at this hotel. location is very good as it is in the middle of 3 train stations with easy access to airport bus. hotel was clean. What left a very deep impression on me is their housekeeping and front desk staff. I was traveling with my 2 cousins but i left 2 days earlier than them. When my cousins checked out, one of them realized she had left her handphone in the hotel, by then they were on the airport bus. The housekeeper had already found the phone in their room and before my cousins called the hotel, they have already contacted them. The frontdesk staff was very efficient in helping my cousin arrange the handphone to be sent to the airport and with clear instructions on where to wait for the driver. We didn't manage to get down the name of the lady who helped us, but we really appreciate the effort she went to to contact us, even to the extent of calling me in Singapore and also thanks to the housekeeper for her honesty. will definitely stay in PJ when i next visit Seoul. This is my third time staying with Hotel PJ, and I'm still loving it! They have free shuttle bus fetching guests through and fro Myeong Dong and Dongdaemun! Very convenient! They were very kind. They upgraded us to a better room, and they were on top of all of the services. We used the money exchange and they were very helpful. Can't recommend enough! In the same price range I don't think there's another hotel which can provide free self-served electronic lockers and free routine shuttle buses. Really of great value for the price! Very recommended for shopping lovers The staff were amazing. They spoke really good English and helped us with everything. We were able to leave us luggage at the hotel after our stay for 3 days () good” good” It was worth 4 star hotel!!!” Great location and facilities” Well-maintained and spacious room and bathroom, friendly staff, great location, value for money. ” 十分好” As Always” Again And Again” Perfect Hotel” THE BEST IN TOWN” I Always Stay Here” Wheel Chair” 최고” Spacious room with balcony. ” great shuttle buss” 최고” Excellent ” ALL FINE” Great last minute deal” I will be back.” very good good At first I wasnt much impressed with the hotel, the appearance in the front and the surrounding at mosphere were not what I expected as 4 star hotel.However, the space of the room, the staff, the cleanness, the house keeping, the manager, and the preps of the room each day with necessities were excellent.Most of all the smiles on each staff's face made so much different for me and my daughter to feel welcomed. Whenever I call for help, the proper staffs were sent right away, and all of them were so polite and knew what they were doing. They always apologized if any thing would take a little longer. i have never had such manners in any hotels, even in America where I was from. We were sad to leave the hotel to move to other one because the promised self coin laundry facility was not accessible due to the renovation, which was not mentioned in the agency website. Everything else was so good and great condition. Loved to stay there and will go back again when we are returning to Korea. Oh, my daughter left her camera when we rushed out of the hotel, they called me and assured that it will be waiting for us to pick up. So kind and professional. Thanks to all the staffs of PJ hotel! Hotel is near two metro stations There are free shuttle buses going to shopping areas like myeodong, lotte! Only breakfast buffet is fairly standard The hotel had staff who can speak fluent English which I found very helpful. I also loved that our room had a foot massager, hair iron aside from the blow dryer, a tea set and even an ice bucket. Our well-maintained room and bathroom was very spacious and even had a balcony. The luggage lockers and shuttle bus were all very helpful additions to making our stay more enjoyable. Location wise, PJ Hotel is a short walk to the train and bus station, has a convenience in the same building and across it is a Korean barbecue restaurant as well. This was my second stay in this hotel. The services were prefect and the stuffs are helpful and nice. The location of the hotel is excellent and there more restaurants nearby compared with last year. The hotel is near to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun. U can choose to walk to these place or take the shuttle bus provide by the hotel. We have 9 people in total in this trip and the hotel provided us with three rooms which were just next to each other's. Will probably choice this hotel next year. I stayed at PJ Hotel, again... as always... because its just very convenient . I always stay here everytime I go to Seoul again and again. Its just the perfect hotel for business travels It has the best value for money in Seoul. Spacious, clean, got its own porch and friendly staff. During my many trips to Seoul, I always stay here. Operate some wheel chair for disabled persons The location is really fantastic. Rooms are spacious and clean. Particularly good with their shuttle services, providing much convenience traveling between hotel and the key shopping & attractions :-) Room is spacious and clean. Attached with balcony Which I used to park my toddler stroller. Good location near with subway (5min walk) and main stop for airport bus (direct from incheon airport). its a bit far from the mrt station but have very good shuttle bus until 2 am me and mom stayed for the 1st time in PJ last month for 5nights, we arrived very early morning. we knew there was room available but PJ asked us to pay the charge for early c/i. we refused, the front officer even suggested us to go to jimjilbang nearby for shower ect (we came from a long haul flight), however, as she looked us very tired (perhaps) she offered me to join the membership for free and as a member we entitle for free early c/i. Great! of course i was gladly to join. First we only stayed for 1 night, next day we went to other cities so we left our big luggage ata the hotel, they kept it safe for free. when we're back to check in again, we again arrived early and as member, we are allowed to check in early without charge plus, they upgraded our room to ladies room. The standard and ladies room has a quite similar size room (spacious), the plus point is, in ladies room they provide a leg massage machine and there's a water dispenser to refill our bottle (at the alley). PJ hotel also provide a free hanbok for photoshoot, you must register thou. we didnt use the shuttle coz we missed the schedule couple times. for service, PJ had given the good ones, Kaori-san helped us finding some info, she also gave us free coffee coupons and bookmarks. after check-out we left our luggages for couple hours before our night flight, they have a locker rent for free for less than a day rent. about the location; if you have big heavy luggages with you, dragging them to chungmuro station exit 1 (with escalator) is quite challenging, for food, no worries, a lot of small local restaurants nearby which open until midnight. cross the street, as the way to chungmuro station, take the right side of the road, there will alley filled with restaurants. at night the road quite dark, some drunk guys out from the restaurant but still safe , just walk and avoid the drunkers. This is my second times to stay here. The staff is great and helpful. All in all, I would recommend this hotel. FINE, NO FURTHER COMMENTS We did a last min booking for this hotel because we couldn't stay any longer in the Airbnb apartment that we booked. To our pleasant surprise, hotel PJ has one of the better deal. Check in was smooth and the room was spacious for 3 person. The bed was very comfortable. Not sure if It was because I was tired, I fell asleep almost instantaneously after I hit the sack. The hotel is also near 3 Subway stations making it easy to get to the places of attraction. However, the hotel only restricted the usage of washing machine and dryer between 10am-10pm. Hence we couldn't make it in time on most days as we left early for sightseeing and only came back later than 10pm. We only managed to wash our clothes once because the drying is taking as Long as 2 hours and another day when we went down, the washing machines were all in use. Perhaps, the hotel can make the washing machine facility 24 hours. Other than that, we enjoy our stay thoroughly and wouldn't mind to stay in Hotel PJ again. Excellent everything. Perfect hotel for 3 people” Awesome Stay” Perfectly cleaned room and very helpful staff” Clean big rooms” big clean room” nice family room and there is a shuttle to nearby ” Great Time in Seoul” NICE Location” good location with free shuttle bus” Staff are courteous and helpful.” 최고” Thank you and Appreciate the 5 stars service by staff of Hotel PJ Myeongdong ” good service” Very very nice place! Will definetly come back” Will definitely come back” Good location , shuttle bus really convenient ” Very convenient all around” very good location for those taking trains” Family Room (1 Double + 1 Single Bed)” Hotel provide shuttle and big bed” I enjoyed staying at Hotel PJ Myeongdong. The room is very big and the price is reasonable. The location is quite strategic since the hotel is not on the main street but there are a lot of restaurants, cafes and convinient stores nearby. The MRT is around 8-15 minutes walking distance and direction to the MRT from the hotel is provided so it's very helpful. The staff were very helpful when we request for a room change. The hotel provide shuttle service but we didnt manage to take it, because the hotel location is just too convenient to travel towards other location. Travelers are able to take the airport bus to & fro easily from the hotel. The bus stop is very near the hotel. Less than a 10mins walk, the bus stop is just right in front of a cinema. The rooms are very clean, there's laundry service, computer usage for guests. Will definitely stay at this hotel again when im back to korea! I found out all staff there were very polite and helpful, especially the shuttle bus driver and the door man who manages the coach and taxi drivers. rooms are clean and big. located between to subway stations. shuttle bus provided to ferry guests to key areas. rooms are clean and big. located between to subway stations. shuttle bus provided to ferry guests to key areas. i am very happy to stay here..especially for the family room..its spaceless...but for the last time i stayed there in the morning was very noisy because of the building construction nearby..so i cant have a good sleep because of the noise Very good hotel for the price. Our stay was very good except for 1 minor thing that is not the hotel's fault...there are no elevator/escalator at the Chungmuro Station. Very hard if you have luggage in tow and will take the subway to and from the airport. Nice location and clean. Free shuttle bus to the main area. hotel provide shuttle bus services, easily access, near to myeongdong Hotel's location is near the Chungmoro subway station. Staff is helpful. Our room smells like cigarette smoke and the toilet's bidet not working, but overall our stay was pleasant. Friendly staffs, nice location near chungmuro station. I booked for quad room which include 4 single beds. very spacious. Hotel provide 2 shuttle bus service. One to myeongdong and lotte department store and one to dongdaemum market. Suggest you take the shuttle bus, sit one round and familar with the surrounding. Very near myeongdong shopping area. 2 stations one station away from chungmuro station. If take taxi from myeongdong back to the hotel, is only cost around 5000 won.There are alot of eating places opposite the chungmuro station. From the hotel main entrance, just walk all the way straight and you can find the chungmuro station and restaurants. Hotel breakfast is not fanstatic as the spread if food is very limited and is cost 15000 won, special rate for guest who room does not inlcude breakfast. I would suggest to take the shuttle bus to myeongdong area for breakfast instead. Overall the staying experience is very good. I will sure stay in this hotel again. Almost every facilities in the room especially the air purifier.👍👍👍 worth to stay very much recommended. very friendly staff Great value for money. Room was very spacious and the toilet was luxurious. The room even had a big balcony that was very convenient for smokers. The shuttle bus provided for guests had a very nice route and were doing rounds frequently, no need to rush to catch the shuttle. Will definitely book again the next time I visit Seoul. Good location get around myeongdong , lotte department store , food all round , will come back to this hotel again Shuttle bus service is superb! Its close to the subway and taxis all around. location is near to many eateries. hotel is 5 mins away from 3 mrt stations. hotel even provides shuttle bus to shopping areas, the only thing is, hard to catch the shuttle coming back to the hotel as time is not fixed. airport bus stop is also 5 mins away. room is clean and spacious. My 2nd stay. Travelled in a family of 5 (2adults, 2kids, 1infant). Location was just nice. 15mins walk away from Myeongdong and Dongdaemun on left and right. In between 3 subway stops (Euljiro3, Euljiro4, Chungmuro) with easy access to 4 subway lines. Nearest airport limo bus stop is at Chungmuro station which is a 5mins walk to the hotel. Situated around the hotel are convenience stores and also cafes. Lots of small Korean eateries for those willing to explore. Staff and service were superb. The front desk and concierge speaks multiple languages(English, Japanese, Chinese, Korean). They have luggage storage FOC for early arrival and also for those who wanted to enjoy around Seoul after check out. Room was just nice with a terrace/balcony. Bathroom comes with a bathtub and the toilet with a bidet. The hotel has a coin laundry room on the 8th floor(2000won/use). Bring your own detergent or buy from the dispenser(1000won). shuttle till late 2 am, location is inside the lane, newly renovated room with big king size bed Good Location” A great hotel if you are travelling with children” Great!” Clean and Spacious room” Nice big rooms! ” Worth of money!!!” Good price ” Convenient location ,great value ” Happy and satisfied! ” nice location” highly recommend” accessible” Superb hotel with good location and good staff!” Polite and helpful reception staffs” business trip” Great place. Clean too ” Nice” Very good stay in pj hotel” lovely staff, very helpful and courteous. Always ready to answer any queries. ” Great location” good location and nice hotel staffs Location is within walk to subway station but hotel provides shuttle services to subway, myeong dong, dongdaemun... Shuttle services is by scheduled timing so be sure to plan your time well.. For our case.. we took a cab back to hotel most of the time from myeong dong as to catch the shuttle bus at a scheduled time is difficult. I simply love their room with a king size bed and a single bed! Awesome and comfy hotel. Overall very good value for money I stayed in a Triple room. The room was quite spacious with a tatami dining area. Bathroom has a shower area and a bath tub which is very convenient. We love our room at Hotel PJ! The room, bed and even toilet is big for Seoul's standard! Service at the front desk is good too; we had problem with the Korea SIM card that we bought and the staff helped us to solve the problem. Location wise is not so good as the surrounding is very quiet at night. However, the hotel shuttle make up for it. Overall a very nice hotel! staff are quite friendly, spacious room, big bed, with clean toilet! the hotel does provided shuttle bus, so it's quite convenience to move ard. ;p Nice Stayed here in Nov 2016. Liked the very convenient location and the shuttle services to myeongdong was a nice service saving us the walk in the cold. Hotel room was spacious also considering that the location was in a central location. Staff were very helpful and accommodating. Rooms are big and not your usual korean hotel room size. Clean bathroom. I would definitely stay again at this hotel. nice location, clean and free shuttle bus Breakfast is very delicious, room is clean, service is good, location is good, I will book PJ hotel again if I go to Seoul again. good location: access to different train lines This is my first time to Korea and I need to stay at a good location hotel. Hotel PJ definitely meet my requirements. The free shuttle bus helps a lot too specially I am traveling with 2 kids and my mother in law. Staffs is super helpful and courtesy too. I will definitely stay in this hotel again. Cheers. Clean and bright room with the view of N seoul tower. Nice and helpful hotel staffs. Just a few minutes to the shops and stations, and excellent shuttle bus service. good location Free shuttle bus saves money as we took this for most days. Drop at alot of shopping locations. Friendly staff. Good location There is no gym Rooms are very spacious with fridge and safety deposit box. Shuttle is available for free to drop guests to major shopping areas. Shuttle drivers are very courteous and friendly. Hotel staff are all very nice and gives service with a smile. I will definitely recommend PJ Hotel to my friends and relatives. Great Location with a tidy big room. Nice hotel, clean room, friendly staff and good facilities” Excellent Service, Clean and Comfortable” The shuttle bus service was great” Outstanding Hotel” Nice Hotel, Free Shuttle Bus Service, Clean room” Near ChungMuro Station and Free Shuttle bus” Very nice hotel and good location! ” great” Staff very accommodating to our request.” Great stay” excellent location” good shuttle bus service, hotel staff are helpful” Hotel PJ” Highly recommend this hotel” Pleasant stay” First choice when I travel to Korea” clean” my review” Room is good and I like the place” Stay overnight before going to Incheon airport” A very nice classic hotel. We stayed in a family room with 1 King bed and 1 single bed. Room size was alright. Location was ok, the lobby is a bit hidden in the alley. However, the shuttle bus service completely mitigate this problem. Hotel staff is very nice and friendly. Water dispenser available in every floor. I really enjoyed my stay and will definitely come back. The main plus points are the staff and the rooms! The staff were really helpful and pleasant. The rooms are really nice, roomy and very clean. Location wise it's still quite central and it's about a 5 min walk to Chungmuro station where you can get the airport shuttle. The touristy attractions are not walkable unless you really like walking but there's a shuttle service from the hotel every hour or so to most of the main attractions. Lots of delicious local eateries nearby and you really cant go wrong. Look past the looks of the area as it's rather old and has an industrial feel. It's just a normal working class area. Not glamorous by any means but it's a safe area and still quite central. Overall I would definitely stay here again. In fact, I met a few guests who said the same. Highly recommended! nice locations easy access to few tourist point via shuttle bus Hotel PJ Myeongdong is a hotel worth spending everything for it. The staffs are nice and courtesy and the location is good. Hotel Staffs are very friendly. Rooms are very clean. Free shuttle bus every hour to many shopping places. Great Location with the reasonable price. Not far from Chungmuro Station. The hotel has free shuttle bus driving around many sightseeing and markets. There are many restaurants near by. This is a well recommended hotel for someone who is going to Singapore. The staff are very helpful. They also helped me book my tour to Everland. Definitely coming back. great Fridge malfunctioned late evening. Technical staff responded quickly and change another working fridge upon next day during room cleaning. The staffs were helpful and the rooms were very big and nice. Would stay here again. the room is a little bit small but the location is great good stay, highly recommend Free shuttle bus, clean and spacious rooms and friendly hotel staff. Nice baggage holding area for luggage after checkout. Hotel near 2 metro stations and airport bus pickup. CU 24 hours convenient store nearby. I will come back again. This hotel offers bus shuttle service, which was one of the main reasons why we decided to pick this hotel. the bus shuttle goes to myeongdong, starts at about eight am and ends at six pm, and dongdaemun, which starts at seven pm and ends at two am. Our room was nice and spacious too! The rooms were also clean. The staff were helpful and professional when you need help. we were completely satisfied with our stay at hotel PJ, and would highly recommend this hotel. Love to stay here Everything was good I love to stay here so much big great room and service, staff are very accomodating. They have bus to service to shopping center room so big for this price It was great! Great experience! ” Great for seeing Seoul's heart” Great location and room!” Great” Great hotel in good location” Excellent!!” Great service and hotel” Good ” Premier Triple Room” Hotel with shuttle bus” Good” Pleasant Stay” Very good hotel” Great. Recommended.” Great location Great service, Clean and spacious room.” Staff service is good” Good location” Good” Great location. Great staff. multiple languages.” Good Hotel” Was Travelling with a young kid and 3 adults. Triple sharing room was spacious, great security and shuttle bus service was useful. Walking distance to train station. Highly recommended! Great location for easy access to several areas of Seoul. Fantastic breakfast buffet and very clean, nice rooms. Easy access to metro and good shuttle services Great We loved this hotel. We booked premier level room. Nice room. Great updated bath with excellent shower. We liked the little tea room at the end of sleeping area. Staff speaks little English, and we didn't care much for their food recommendations, but that was not a huge problem. Breakfast in hotel is excellent. We'd definitely stay there again. The staff is very friendly and so helpful! The location is good, close to the green subway line. The hotel I stayed is was very clean and have no complaints about anything inside the room or bathroom. The hotel has a convenience store right by it, so no worries about having to go somewhere far for only a few amenities. It was worth the weekend stay!! Enjoyed our stay thoroughly here. Appreciate the shuttle bus service alot too I love the shutter bus can really benefit any type of visitor as well as the old guy who stand by at the entrance of the PJ hotel, he really helpful and polite ! Room size big with bath tub and dressing make up area and small Japanese living area. New Decoration, and position convience, many restaurant nearby hotel, have self washing machine and self laundry at Business centre at 8/F, lift from G/F right side of hotel stair front door, so many people said cannot find. Lift from G/F to Lobby, then lobby to all floor.(地下酒店正門樓梯右邊已有𨋢上酒店大堂）The taxi service also at the G/F concierge.And hotel has free shuttle minibus to Myeong dong & Dongdaemun. Only they had no swimming pool. The shuttle goes to many attraction, including shopping areas. It's a plus for us. Comfortable Location is about a block away from the subway. Easy access to key destination via scheduled shuttle bus, and is also a stop of the airport limousine bus. Staff are nice and friendly and can communicate well in english. Facilities are nice such as self-baggage, weighing scale, laundry, water, etc. Good room and facilities. great shuttle bus, and it's free. and you can use the shuttle to the bus stop to take shuttle bus to airport. large room with extra king size bed, love it. surrounded by plenty of restaurants. i don't take breakfast in hotel. We stayed there for 5 nights with our family. Great Location. Reception staff were helpful and friendly. All the staff there were able to speak either English and Mandarin. This made it so much easier for us to communicate and asked them for directions. The hotel is very near to the subway and 5 mins walk to the Airport Limou bus stop. Walking distance to myeong-dong. The shuttle bus is useful to ferry the guest around. Love the spacious room and cleanliness. Staff service attitude is very good Big room. Nice staff. Hotel provides transports to 2 locations. Never like using the heater to warm the room as it does dry up breathing passages, this is the only concern... maybe used to sleeping on heated flooring. Will come back again for sure. Thank you. Good Location was prime. Close to many shopping and eating in Seoul. The staff spoke English, Japanese, Chinese and provide great service. Suttle bus to Meyeongdong and Dongdaemon Great hotel. Prime location. Staff spoke multiple languages. Suttle bus and hotel it's self was clean. 1. Great Location, 5min to subway definitely will stay in this hotel again” great ” helpful staff and great place!” Best location in Seoul” Great location, excellent service” great hotel” Great” The best hotel” Best location” Value for money and convenience” Good” Clean, Friendly and helpful service staff” best” Wonderful ” Great deal from Agoda.” winner” Great stay, good location” Great Hotel” Great!!” Very Good” very nice staff. clean and quite room. have free shuttle bus to shopping area the hotel was great. only not so good location the hotel was great easy to go anywhere because they provide shuttle bus.the subway also near to the hotel it takes 10mins to walk.the staff also nice.we will be back again :) The staff of this hotel are very accomodating. They can speak good english, room is quite big and very relaxing, shuttle bus was a big help for us... overall Fantastic! Fantastic! Room is quite big, breakfast great. Staff and desk for concierge very helpful over all. There's a free shuttle and free water. big,clean and classy room.staffs are very accommodating when we need help for our tour packages.foot massager in our room for free of charge during our stay. great experience at PJ Hotel.we will go back again to this hotel. Free water and shuttle, hotel is near in resto Good location, staffs are friendly (most of them), awesome room. It was a great stay! Will come back for sure. Thank u PJ hotel!! Big room, clean, free shuttle Great! The location is very ideal. The rooms are topnotch and the staff are friendly and helpful. Good Good Location, Clean and great housekeeping team, friendly and helpful staff. Best Great hotel Stayed for one night recently. The hotel location was perfect for our needs. Staff were friendly and helpful. Room was clean and comfortable. Would stay here again. Location, Cleanliness, Value for Money Totally had an awesome experience in our stay here. The hotel staff were nice and very accommodating. The rooms are big enough and are really clean. Big, comfortable beds that really helped us relax from a whole day of touring around the city. The free shuttle service is also a good help to us. Will definitely go back and stay again here. Will also recommend this to friends and family. :) staff, room, location The only thing about this hotel that I would change is signs! It's a bit obscured at first so finding it can cause minor trouble but once you find it you won't forget it. The staff were so professional and kind. They upgraded me for free without any prompting and it turned out amazingly for me. The room was so spacious and clean and had so many amenities. Easily one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. There is a close by convenience store and the Hotel is roughly 5 walking minutes from the subway. I recommend it highly and hope everyone has a similar experience as I! Great location. Clean rooms. Friendly staff Room, cleanliness and shuttle bus Great! All good great hotel, great breakfast, will stay there agai” Good hotel” Central location, Good value.” A pleasant stay at Hotels PJ” Near Korean Local Restaurants” 2nd visit” Nice hotel! ” Good choice ” This hotel is hear the many subway.” good and could be better” PJ Hotel Myeongdong” A Good Hotel to Stay in Seoul” A Hotel in The City of Shopping & Food” Awesome!” Comfortable ” it is good location” We enjoy our trip and my mum's like our stay.” Cheaper breakfast” One of the best hotel in Seoul ” comfortable to stay here” breakfast, location, service. me and my son went there, we liked it alot and will stay again. Comfort and nice hotel room Satisfied with the hotel Free shuttle to main shopping points Very pleasant as we stayed in suites. It's huge. One English speaking staff was friendly. But breakfast is just ok but clean. Hotel with good amenities and free shuttle bus service. Clean and good size bedroom. I enjoy my stay at Hotels PJ. The room is of good size, clean and the hotel has great amenities. It also provides free shuttle bus service to popular tourist destinations like Myeongdong, Dongdaemum, Insadong etc though it is just about 3 minutes walk to subway. Staff are also courteous and helpful. A lot o local restaurants, three us a pj bus driving you to shopping areas, good staff The stay is comfortable, a bit far from shopping area, need to use pj bus. Value for money is good. But all self service, there is no bell service. A lot of tour option from hotel concierge People, location, facilities Nice service large room convenient It is convenient that quite near the rail station! And it also provide shuttle bus . Besides, the room is very large and comfortable! The staffs are nice and give good service to us! We stayed 5 nights in triple sharing room. Like the added security on level 9. Hot & cold water and ice dispenser outpace rooms. Staff are generally friendly. Can communicate in English We were very happy with our choice. Hotel has shuttle bus service to major shopping area. Located near 3 train stations. Room is clean and big for triple room. I'd recommend PJ Hotel to my friends visiting Seoul. People, places and services I think it's time means good. clean, location, service I think PJ Hotel is good. 1) it locates near the subway station, you can walk from the subway station to the hotel about 7 minutes. 2) The room is clean, and service is good. if you press the "Do not Disturb", the server will not clean your room, but she will leave a message for you, asking you if you want to clean at appropriate time. 3) I stayed there for 5 days in December, the air conditioner was very good, and the room was warm. What I think it could be better is: the bath water temperature can be more stable. At first four days, water temperature fluctuated a little. At the last day I stayed, it became stable. Location, Affordable price, Comfortable rooms Was pleasantly surprised that I was upgraded to a deluxe room! The main draw is definitely the convenient location of the hotel, with easy access to the subway and airport express bus. There are side streets with eateries worth exploring. Very happy with my stay. If they maintain the price, will definitely recommend to friends, and look forward to be back again. Clean, Friendly Chambermaids, Hotel Shuttle Bus Thumb-up. It was a good experience. Cleanliness, Hotel Shuttle Service, and Proximity to Good Food. It was wonderful. We were able to travel to our destinations easily either vis cab or train. More so, the Hotel Shuttle Service makes everything so much more easy and convenient. Free shuttle bus, Lundry, helpful staff Awesome experience! 5 mins away from bus stop to and fro airport.Free shuttle bus to city attractions. Rooms are clean and neat with lots of space to move around even with 3 beds. The room is nice. It is clean enough and comfort to stay. Overall, the room is very nice and be recommended to others for staying in Seoul for thier first time Korea trip. I am satisfied with the value of money that choosing this hotel. I am super like the room, the view with balcony. It is clean enough and comfort to stay. Next time I will choose this hotel when visit Seoul again. Shuttle service for shopping, eating, travel near in Seoul There were good amenities in a room but no choice for food in hotel. Comfort Affordable, comfort and feels like home Staff performance, free shuttle bus, room cleaness I stay in room 529, the room is clean but there is smell in the room. Location,cleanliness and staff performance Excellence, much better than expectation staff polite and friendly..room very big...convenience have shuttle bus for free till midnite Feel good and comfortable Good Loction” Our Seoul Adventure” Fun stay at PJ” friendly staff” SEOUL VACATION” Best hotel in seoul” Got more value than what I paid for” Excellent for a one-day business trip” A best value for your money” Highly recommended” excellent hotel” seol 3 days visit” Worth the price with fancy hotel room” value for money” i like it” great hotel” Excellent” Located near myeongdong” very happy with stay” Nice room ” service, nice, friendly Good The Best comment i can say is their Excellent service with clients. They are very accomodating. Their free shuttle service that will bring you to the main stations makes a big difference. Location, Cleanliness, Polite and efficient staff My 3 children and I stayed in two rooms(one with three beds) and enjoyed our stay. The shuttle was very convenient but most of the time we just walked to the Chungmuro station and from there go anywhere we liked. The staff were polite and helpful. Instead of the usual blank faces that we see in other hotels the people here smiled a lot. More than that they were very helpful and efficient. I would not hesitate recommending this hotel to others. friendly and helpful staff, a convenience location to metro and shopping places. great. location, location, location excellent. friendly staffs, helpful for handicap people. good location for shopping. will recommend others for this hotel. Staff politeness, willingness to help We stay for 5 days ... The location of the hotel is good near to subway around 5min walk Room was very clean and the staff was friendly They have Chinese and english speaking staff However some taxi driver do not know the location make sure the room card pocket is with you all the time Value for money, cleanliness and size of room We booked a quad room and the experience was beyond our expectation. The room was spacious and it even comes with a tea area where we spend more of our nights eating supper and watching TV. The cleanliness and room service were commendable. The toilet was huge and it comes with two basins which helps for a room for four. Location, service, room size Breakfast, value, location Simply excellent and enjoyable. Location, free shuttle, lockers location, nice room, free shuttle location and location, shutle service around the city, breakfast Comfortable, enyoyable, unfortunately the room sandal is recyclable and not new. Travel around the city with easy access because of free shutle bus a well as friendly and knowledgeable front desk person The location is convenient, the space of hotel room is big with good condition facilities. The staff can speak Chinese and English and service is approaching. It's nice experience to stay in PJ hotel. There has staff who can speak both Chinese and English which is ideal for Chinese tourists. The location is nice, you just walk 5 mins to reach subway station. And there has free shuttle bus to popular shopping area. The breakfast buffet is great with varieties of food. The hotel room is big with good condition facilities, such as foot massage machine and Panasonic hair dryer ( for lady's room). I spend 4 stars money to enjoy 5 stars hotel! Nice hotel. Great free shuttle service to different locations. Near subway. We enjoyed our stay. amazing the service and customer service was outstanding Great Great room. Free shuttle service. Friendly staff can speak good mandarin. Love the great, clean and beautiful premier room. Love the free shuttle service to Myeongdong and shopping areas. Thanks to the helpful staff. I would certainly stay again on my next trip to Seoul. Location, cleanliness, convenience Very convenient and near to Chungmuro and Eulrojiga station. Rooms are clean however lighting is a bit dim, overall a pleasant stay! room size - location - staff i stayed at the pj with my son and we were both very happy with all aspects of our stay Four-person room is a very comfortable,big and beautiful-view room Good” Nice vacation in PJ hotel” fantastic service!” Value for money ” Excellent” good” Nice hotel” Good quality with affordable price” a nice hotel to stay ” Good location, price, condition and kindness” Awesome place” GOOD” rooms were spacious and clean” spacious, hidden gem ” Gem in the city” good” Great hotel at a convenient location ” super good hotel experience in Seoul” Great hotel in great location” good location good breakfast” clean 很好 very good nice staff, convenient location, good room condition Comfortable, location, service Spent three nights there with our three young children and my parents. It was clean and very comfortable, the staff was incredibly hospitible, and the location allowed easy access to most Seoul attractions. We truly enjoyed our adventures in the Seoul, ad appreciated the quiet retreat within the hotel for evening/night. Location, free upgrade, quite The rooms are spacious and comfortable Very clean. Great size room. Polite professional staff We got a last minute booking on agoda and luckily for us they gave us a free upgrade :) Room was excellent. Spotless. Well appointed and lots of space. Excellent. Staff spoke great english and were polite. clean location customer service Good location location location we will surely stay in this hotel again when we go back to seoul Close by subway station, convenient for dinning, high CP hotel clean and comfortable rooms Will choose this hotel again location, price, balcony the location is very good and convenience to travel around Seoul. Room is big and has a balcony. Shuttle bus service , center of the city , hospitality is incredible The stay in the hotel is great , simply superb. ALL VERY GOOD location, spacious rooms, cleanilness enjoyable, staff were friendly and breakfast were of international standards Shuttle bus, hidden gem, spacious They provide excellent shuttle bus service, compare to 2 year bac the frequency of the shuttle bus is more. Love the spacious room with daily provided mask. Choose the prestige room, u will never regret Shuttle bus, airport shuttle bus station and valuable for money I love the spacious room PJ provide. It is a hidden gem in the city and we are glad we found it. This is our 2nd stay. Everything well maintain and hot water dispenser, u could smell instant noodle every night when u pass by covenient Room, location, shuttle bus Definitely worth the money I spent. 1. best service 2.best location 3. best hotel service I think PJ hotel is very good for a traveler to stay in Seoul for several days, since it has the shuttle bus to the most popular places, this time I stay in Seoul for 6 days and think it is so great to have such a shuttle bus service. Also, the staff there are nice and the hotel provide the computer for us to use! Location, Comfort Great location and clean, large rooms. Highly recommended! location breakfast cozy deco location breakfast cozy deco good location good breakfast Good quiet location” The staff were helpful.” Awesomeness ” PJ Hotel is fantabulous.” very good hotel” Really need to have a try ” Very gd ” We'd go back tomorrow!” Thumbs up for PJ hotel. ” great location and big room” Nice Hotel” Great ” the atmosphere is comfortable,the hotel is clean” Nice Hotel” A gem in seoul” efficiency” Nice hotel” Good location” Convenience hotel” Very comfortable bed and clean room ” Location, Cost and Staff Me and my wife were on honeymoon, the Staff there was very friendly and enthusiastic when doing their job. They took pride in their work and never failed to greet every time we passed them. Front desk was quite fluent in speaking English although i can understand and speak a bit of Korean. They always assured we had a good stay. Shutter bus to bring you to the nearby spots like meongdong. The location, the staffs and the roominess Couldn't ask for more. It is very clean and the location of the hotel is so good. Also, the service of the hotel is extreamly good. Through the staying periods, I felt like that I were at home. The beds are comfortable and the service has no drawbacks. I love the hotel and I will choose it when I come to Seoul next time! room facility very good location Nice service, good location and big room taking photos with wear Korea clothes very Gd Nicely located, very attentive front desk, clean. We had a very nice stay at the PJ Hotel. We had a triple single room reserved, as well as a queen room. Our queen room smelled very strongly of smoke, while the other was fine. We went back down to the desk and ended up upgraded to a lovely room with a little living area. The staff was attentive, and made up rooms quickly once the "make up room" light was on. The buffet breakfast was extensive and had some new items each day. We were sad that we had to miss it due to an early departure time our last day. It's easy enough to walk many places from the hotel (Insa dong, Myeongdong, Dongdaemun) or to take any of the three very nearby subways (even closer when you find the alleys that go directly there!) Location, room accommodation and staff It was great. Location wise excellent, room was clean. We stayed here for 4 nights with breakfast. The food on the 1st day was great. Downside is they keep on repeating the same menu everyday. On our last day we can barely eat the food because was tired of eating the same menu. But then no compliants though because over all the food was great location, big room and shuttle bus Stay at PJ Hotel was most comfortable especially with two elderly parents. The shuttle bus service is really useful especially in the winter when the weather is cold outside for a quick orientation. One should take note of the timing for hte shuttle services and be at the pick-up point at the desginated time as the shuttle bus does not wait - it is a quick drop-and-pickup service due to traffic. It will come around every 30mins in the morning and then it is at 1hr interval thenafter. We got a triple room. It was fairly big and clean. Laundry is also available (self-service) at one of the floors. Bed, bathroom, air condition, and service Staff Location Bog room Luckily, we got upgraded to very big room. 2 bed rooms with 2 living rooms ! there are massage chair providing in the room. Impressive ! Bathroom clean, customer service. the view It was enjoyable! Nice Hotel Nice Hotel Nice Hotel Nice Hotel lol Friendly and kind staff, accommodations are outstanding. Modern hotel, and free wifi in the rooms, 2 female travelers. Excellent stay. Hotel was modern and clean. Originally booked a twin room, but we were upgraded to a ladies only floor. Had all the amenities we needed and more. Rooms were spacious to fit large luggage. They also have a delicious breakfast buffet and free shuttle service to sights around seoul. Friendly and kind staff! Will definitely stay again. gave us free upgrade when our room type was sold out. Great location, Near to shopping area, Easily accessed by metro and airport bus Good location, clean and reasonable price Near the mtr station and comfortable bedroom The hotel provide shuttle bus great hotel ” My Favorite Hotel ” Great shuttle service and spacious room” Nice hotel! Good location” Gives Korea a very good impression” A great value ” 2nd time stay in the hotel” Good stay!” good service” Best Accomodation is Seoul” Perfect location” Great” Great” No room service ” Value for money this hotel” excellent” Great location and services” Value for Money... Looking forward to go back!!” Confortable” Best value” the hotel has lady's floor, so great, and the shuttle bus is very convenient, the room is big great overall Spacious room, Everything you need, Professional This is my favorite hotel in Seoul. I think I would prefer it to even more expensive 5 star hotels because they have really thought of everything you could possibly need. I always have everything I want here and nothing is overlooked. For example, not only is the bathroom big and has a nice bathtub with jacuzzi jets, but there are all the toiletries you could need including a facial mask. There is a coffee-machine that makes delicious single-serve espresso and you can order extra pods for just around $2. All the staff members were professional, from the greeters to the maids. There is a shuttle for taking you to the airport and shopping areas. They really thought of all the ways to make a guest comfortable, so this is really my favorite place to stay in Seoul! Easy accessibility of airport limousine,Thoughtful shuttle bus to Meoundong and Tondaman, spacious room and bathroom Great Choice and value for money indeed Convienient, Big room, clean, staff are friendly, good location :) Awesome :) staff are very friendly Comfort, Service and cleaniness It was my friends and I virgin trip to the land of K-pop and I decided to stay at PJ hotel as I found the price tag very attractive. The hotel is located in the Chungmuro district (which looks quite run down and emtpy) but a quick investigative search actually revealed to be the origins of Korea cinema!! What a shocker! Well we reached the hotel at 11am and could only check in at 2pm. Luckily the hotel can actually allow you to store your luggage inside the concierge office while you wilt your time shopping. PJ hotel is located in between one of the two most famous shopping districts in Korea namely Myeong dong and Dongdamun hence it is very convenient. Communication with the hotel staff was no obstacle as most (If not all) of them could speak relatively good English! I booked a triple bed room and the room was spacious and super comfy. The heater was great as well being winter and I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at PJ hotel! 2 Thumbs up PJ! Staff performance,cleanless,value for money The hotel was really nice,clean and great service. good location, good shuttle, good room free shuttle service n 24 hours cafe/restaurant within walking distance. i got it really cheap due to last min offer. The hotel is very new n tourist friendly. There's concierge service who provides very good information on transportation n eateries around. The room is very clean n the toilet facilities r very very good! However it's a little bit of distance of coming from the subway station as it is smack in the middle of 3 stations, but it is reasonable walking distance, within 5-10 mins walk. What I love most is the shuttle service that goes to myeongdong in the day n dongdaemun at night. This two area already covers the shopping district already! Save on taxi fee!!! Great stay! free shuttle bus, free Korean cultural photos, good location. staff are very friendly. room is clean. good location. Free shuttle bus, free Korean cultural photos, good location.. Comfortable, Good Location, Staff friendly I have nice experience with PJ Hotel. The room is comfortable with the balcony, though can't sit long outside in the winter time, it really relax to choose the room type like this. The room is comfortable, and easy to go for shopping and food. Nice service. Will visit again. the room is spacious, bed is comfortable and clean Very comfortable The room is very comfortable, spacious and clean Very pleasant Good location; Cordial service; Equitable price I give 4 on the hotel's food&beverage coz there's no room service. I shared a three beds' room with another two friends who came from a all year warm place in south east Asia, couldn't stand the freezing cold winter weather in the first couple days when we had just arrived in Soeul, for the reason room service was kinda must have thing in their minds. Unexpectedly PJ hotel doesn't offer that tho. Near shopping, hotel staff very helpful, good speak English. I stay here in 3 night, hotel very clean and the room size is big, but if stay for 3 person the room you can't request 1 more towel or anything need to charge. By the way all is good.. location, staff, and ambience Great shuttle bus service , good location and good breakfast very comfortable and lovely. Friendly staffs with warm smile always shuttle bus, face mask for 1st nite, clean The hotel standard is above my expectation eventhough they do not have aircon during winter. The good thing that they have shuttle bus to Dongdaimun at midnight. But too bad that they dont have night shuttle bus to Myeongdong. Overall, the hotel is good value for money. We dont mind to stay there again for our next trip to Seoul. cleanliness comfort convenience So comfortable as if I'm home. Close to Uljiro-4ga station, which is 1 stop from Dondaemun culture&history park, 2 stops from Uljiro-1ga near Myeong-dong and Shincheon. It is freezing cold in Seoul, so staying this hotel will be very convenient to look around the city's popular area. Service, room size and location PJ hotel is highly recommended for its good value. The room was big and service was good. Value for money!” Excellent Hotel” quality and affordable” good value for money” Awesome” Must stay ” very comfortable and clean” Great! ” good location” Great deal !” We love PJ Hotel” Close to shops and finding food.” Very convenient location” Top hotel” Good hotel” location staff price” good location , good staff,clean spacious rooms” Last minute booking and was happy about our choice” Worth your money” Love the hotel! ” staff's attitude, hygiene and food. PJ hotel is highly recommended for its good value. The room was big and service was good. 1)Good location 2)Value for money3) Friedly staff Very confortable and convient. Love the shuttle bus service. staff service quality Excellent! Would definitely come here again and recommend to people. comfort, cleanliness, free shuttle to the center Our stay was very pleasent. The room was absolutely comfortable and clean. The best was the shuttle bus going every half an hour around the center. The hotel is a bit old but still very clean and pleasent, as we paid 70 dollars per night, it was a great value for money. The bed, comfort, wifi This is my second stay at the PJ and I love it. The double bed is more than double the size so you just feel like a princess. I had the best sleep there. Everything is designed for your comfort. All the amenities are included. Great stay all round. Best service you get it all herr Love this hotel! i love the balcony, so i can enjoy my coffee there every morning location, room, price (1) hotel staff is very friendly (2) 5 minutes walk to the airport limo bus station (3) free shuttle bus to the nearby tourist spots Excellence, will stay at the same hotel for next trip. Room size It was really good that my family will come back again Shuttle bus service, helpful staff and big room We had some problems locating the hotel when we alighted at the bus-stop for the airport limousine bus. We have to walk through an inconspicuous alley to get to the hotel. Other than this little problem, everything in PJ Hotel is good. Love the shuttle bus service especially as it really bring lots of convenience for us. Staff are all helpful and friendly.... Keep it up!! Clean, staffs are helpfull, comfortable stay Location was great, walking distance to both Chungmuro station and Euljiro Sam-ga. Room was comfortable with a Tatami area to take a break. Free shuttle bus to Myeongdong/Dongdaemun. All facilities in room, the suburb location and value for money This 4 star hotel offers excelent value for money. The room is spacious, has small balcony and all facilities you can think of are available in the room (even a desktop pc and Collagen face masks:-). The offer we got was not ever much more expensive than the price per night for a simple guesthouse. Staff is also very friendly and helpful. clean / comfortable / good good and quite and good staff location staff price Staff very friendly and the location is good is 5mins from the train station. The taxi driver know this hotel and there is free shuttle bus to the tourist spot. ~very friendly staff;nice,clean spacious rooms;regular shuttle services the hotel has helpfull staff .so that there are no hassles in checking in and out. the family stayed comfortably after long travel hours and tours,especially with their clean rooms ,soft beds and clean beddings. the facilities are okay esp.at the toilet,although no toothbrushes were provided the hotel is not very near d shopping and restaurants area, but they provided regular shuttle services..the only hassle is when you were not able to ride the shuttle services ,you have to walk thru dimly lit alleys esp at nite suggest the hotel provides transportation or taxi services for group visitors of 4 and more for a fee. over all our stay at the hotel is very satisfying Breakfast Buffet, Cleanliness, and near Myeongdong Shopping Area Excellent...a little hard to find, but nonetheless the exterior was not that great...but interior was nice and very clean. Parking is available downstairs and staff was very friendly. Bedding was good and comfortable for typical hard Korean beds. Decent hotel for a last minute booking. Breakfast buffet was excellent and available at a discounted price to those staying in the hotel. Cleanliness, free shuttle bus to the nearest stations and shopping streets, and locates near Myeongdong market. Location, Comfort, Service It was great! Walking distance to 3 subway stations (Euljiro 3, Euljiro 4. Chungmuro), the hotel has shuttle bus every 30 mins to Tourist area, shopping centers, landmarks. Comfy room for families. Marvelous service from the staffs, very helpful and kind. Free fast wifi in each rooms and lobby and pretty much all the hotel area. I have no complaints and will be staying at this hotel for my next visit to Seoul! Great Service” Location, value for money” Rest and Relax Stay” Very worth to stay” Great” Worth Stay. Ideal Location.” One of the best” One of the best hotel” Centrally located, large, clean rooms ” Better than a five star hotel” good!” nice” Good” Great hotel to stay in Seoul” Great Hotel” Great location - Lovely hotel” Good for price” Great location” Holiday” Good location for everything” Location, Service, Facility It was great! Walking distance to 3 subway stations (Euljiro 3, Euljiro 4. Chungmuro), the hotel has shuttle bus every 30 mins to Tourist area, shopping centers, landmarks. Comfy room for families. Marvelous service from the staffs, very helpful and kind. Free fast wifi in each rooms and lobby and pretty much all the hotel area. I have no complaints and will be staying at this hotel for my next visit to Seoul! Location, Room is nice decorated, and it doesnt cost you gortune Smooth as expected Location, shuttle bus service, spacious room I am traveling to Seoul with my two sisters from the land of Borneo. After a long journey, we are so tired and really need a good rest. Once we reached pj hotel, the staff are so helpful to help us unload the luggage from cab. When we checked in the room, we are so impressed by the room setting. Clean, nice bed, an sit on floor coffee area is what we really enjoy. Equipped with a coffee machine. The shuttle bus service is very active. I will strongly recommended to my friends and family. Great service, good envirronment, and convenient The customer service is very kind and proffesional. You can communicate with them with Madarine or English. It is very convenient, near the shopping area and famous spot. clean&quite&kind staff We have a great time!! I want to stay PJ again! Location. Cleanliness. Staff well versed in English. location, food and room The room ,service and location Size of room, staff, free shuttle PJ Hotel was a great choice for visiting key site in Seoul. The have a free shuttle that takes you to the main markets, and Insadong and close to the palaces. Everything is within a leisurely walk. Staff is very helpful, rooms are large and clean. Would definitely stay again if in Seoul. room, staff, security Completely satisfied. I didn't have any information on this hotel before. I just happened to get a good deal through Agoda. But everything was beyond my expectation. In fact it was better than the five star H hotel I stayed before, which was not so much friendly, everything was extra charged, and yet the price was unbelievable high. About PJ, the room was clean and spacious, (and they provide you with free wifi, and also some extra complements like facial masks for girls), the staffs were polite, the food was decent (you can get a morning buffet at a discounted price). Also I feel safe thanks to the ladies only floor and the corridor doors operated with a room key. The location was not bad, near the subway stations, and an airport shuttle stop, near the city center - Myeongdong. Actually, if you don't mind walking and like to save some money for transportation, it is a very a good choice because everything is within the walking distance. Lastly, it is affordable, if you can find a good deal through Agoda! Location service First choice ! location service Lived here few times, like it very much, everything is good have the lady floor, nice service abd shuttle bus service Hotel shuttle every hour to Subway, close to all attractions, real quality hotel with good service and staffs Excellent stay. Definitely would love to stay there again. Hotel has free shuttle service make it easier to go everywhere. Fully functional hotel with all the standards and service. Food is good and not too expensive. Hotel is in good condition. Convenient store in the same building. Post office and shops around the corner. What more to ask for? The best 3 things are; Great breakfast, good staff and great value I've used Hotel PJ before, I don't think it can be beat for value, that is the combo of the quality of the lodgings, location, staff and price. I've stayed in Seoul 4 star hotels which while they were very nice were over priced. PJ is the right choice for me. nice big rooms, shuttle bus, location Styed there for a long weekend. Stayed ina premier twin room, which had a kingsized bed and a large single. room facilities were excellent even had a coffee machine and capsules so you could wake up to a fresh espresso every morning. didn't use the dining room, as there are so many restaurants nearby. great value stay and would thoroughly recommend to all. Staff were excellent and very polite and helpful, as you would expect. Top tip for seoul - try to go to watch a baseball game. We say one in the Jamsil stadium and it was definitely the highlight of the trip Reasonable price and comfortable bed The hotel is good for the price. The bed is pretty comfortable and clean Location staff free wifi Concierge very helpful staff,food and location very nice place with great location especially with all the train station around us. very suitable for those prefer free and easy 1) Cleaniness value for money” nice hotel, friendly staff plus transportation” Fantastic stay ” A good run for your money” Loved staying at PJ ” Good location” One of my best exprerience I had for Biz travel” Good access to the city” Very good ” BEST HOTEL” Really nice place to stay” Friendly staff with good location” Good for the money” C/P value is pretty high” lena” Worth the stay!” Incredibly Pleasant Stay in the heart of Seoul” Nice room for family ” Great!” HIGHLY RECOMMENDED” shuttle bus service to the popular shopping districts, hotel staff are very friendly & well versed in english stayed at the quad room for 4 pax. room was spacious, clean & comfortable. wifi network is good! frequent shuttle bus service to the shopping districts/ nearest subway station. however, the hotel is located at a rather run-down area. overall it was an enjoyable stay! nice hotel, friendly staff, transportation to myeong-dong Fantastic I arrived hotel at 8pm and requested to change to a double room instead (I booked twins). The hotel staff politely informed me hotel has no more double. The staff approached her superior and upgraded me to a family suite instead, a pleasant surprise! The family suite is huge and is very clean. It has a nice tatami-style dining area and coffee maker and an air purifier. I also like that floor access is restricted by card key. There is free shuttle bus course A and course B to nearby metro and shopping malls but do note the timing. I had a pleasant 3 nights stay and would definitely recommend this hotel for its excellent service. The location is at the center, clean room and cr. Good. I would recommend this to all who want to visit Seoul who wants a class budget hotel. Free shuttle, laundry and friendly staff. Booked PJ Hotel through Agoda for a bedroom with 3 single beds. You can easily move the 2 single beds to make a King Size. Staff was lovely and so friendly, even the ones that couldn't speak English tried their best. Self Laundry service on level 8 was a much needed service, used both their washing machine and clothes dryer for 5 days worth of washing for a family of 3. 2,000won (around $2) to use each machine and 1,000won if you need to buy detergent. Free shuttle bus was amazing, if you're not familiar like we were - it's almost your free guide to shopping : ). Shuttle bus will pick you up where you were dropped off, and you're provided with a bus schedule - mostly every 30mins. Shopping malls and markets galore. Didn't eat at the hotel as our stay was too short, head towards the markets and there are food everywhere - even tried a 1,000won bowl of noodles, tasty and refreshing. Shuttle bus runs till 2am as a lot of the shops are opened till then. Only paid AUD$116 per night for 3 adult size, so definitely value for money. Was on family floor on level 6, it was quiet and had a great sleep. Good location, shuttle to myeong-dong, friendly staff Staff with good Eng skill, clean room, nice location Good access to city especially Myungdong Nice service good people. Room was clean but somt forget to bring tooth brush and paste. Theres convenience store down stairs so there shouldnt be much worries. Loved it Clean wide I recommend GOOD STAFF - CLEAN ROOM - BIG ROOM NOT GOOD LOCATION Comfort, Clean and Convenient It was a very memorable stay. Very clean and comfort. Will really make you stay in the hotel and not want to go out. location, shuttle bus, service The staff were friendly and helpful when we had queries on some places of attractions. The shuttle bus service is a plus point and the location of the hotel is very near subway. Location, price, and comfort I would book there again when there's a chance. 1. shuttle bus is very convenient 2. the room is very clean and sweet very nice staff , nice room and clean good PJ Hotel provides shuttle bus which makes my whole trip accessible. Location is fantastic. Hotel room was clean and wit friendly and helpful staff Fantastic and wonderful! Will definitely choose to stay in PJ Hotel again for my next visit. Room, service, and price The staff immediately helped us with our belongings and welcomed us warmly. Room exceeded expectations and had a yummy expresso machine. The immediate area outside the hotel was a little drab and grey so it was quite a change once you are inside. Staff spoke very good English and Japanese. 最高なホテルでした。 Would stay again Comfy bed, food location, cheap V good room for family Hotel Condition/Cleanliness, Room Comfort/Standard, Staff Performance LOCATION, CLEANLINESS, WELL-EQUIPPED FACILITIES It is a really decent hotel with very good service” Nice hotel. Clean n staff are friendly” nice hotel in a good location” Great location, amenities, and knowledgable staff!” Cool” Outstanding hotel in the area” Amazing, large room, huge bathroom, clean” I will recommend this hotel to friends” PJ Hotel” My stays when visiting Seoul will be here! Amazing” Convenient and easy getting to places.” amazing...” Good location, great service” A wonderful hotel at an affordable price” Nice place, having so much great time there :) ” big spacious room, clean, great service” great experience” Amazing and perfect Hotel.” I love this hotel” good services ” location, comfortable, convenient many say it is in a shady area with factories but it really isnt. it's only one stretch and there are many restaurants there too. some 24/7. so it's quite safe. i walked there alone at midnight and it was fine. it is also only a smallllll stretch before you reach a vibrant main road with cafes, a cinema, restaurants etc. hotel shuttle bus is really convenient but the subway is really near too. just past that small stretch. it is vvery well located. with alot of restaurants nearby so i went down to get supper numerous times. service is good and bows to you. it;s very clean, very comfortable. wifi was good. offered water and expresso coffee everyday for free. did not sign up for breakfast so i don;t know about that. I would definitely stay there again! oh yeah, airport limo bus stop is also really close. just past that short alley. which has like i said, 24/7 restaurants and marts. Locations, cleanliness friendly staff, great to have shuttle service and easy to get around. It's centrally located between 3 different subway stations, the amenities, including the laundry room, the free hotel shuttle, and free wifi are superb. The staff speak excellent English! The staff is so friendly. Not only do they speak English, there are also Chinese and Japanese speaking staff. They know about the hotel surroundings, as well as the city of Seoul itself. The best thing about the shuttles is that they run after the subway stops operating, so we have an easy way to get back to the hotel from major shopping areas up until 2:00 AM. The machines in the laundry room are brand new! The only downside was that our room smelled like smoke, even though we had requested a non-smoking room. Unfortunately there wasn't another room available at the time, so we just opened the windows and most of the smell went away. Cool Neat and tidy room, High security, Frequent free shuttle to nearby shopping area It was a pleasure stay at PJ hotel. The hotel room was spacious, neat and tidy, and well equipped. There was a drinking machine on every floor which you can have easy access to cold/hot water and even ice. Security was also good at PJ hotel, you need an access card to take the lift, and also enter to the corridor before reaching to your room. I especially like the dining area in the room, which was so traditional Korean-style. Free shuttle bus service to every place, large clean huge room, staff very friendly can speAK English and mandarin. Very good will come back and recommended to all my friends and relative to stay at this four stars hotel. Free wifi, close to subway, shuttle buses available I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The shuttle bus to various locations were very helpful, and the hotel is also in the vicinity of the famous Myeongdong, and Chungmuro subway station, which was very convenient for us. There was also free wifi in the hotel, with complimentary Nespresso and drinking water every day, which is totally a plus point. good everything The attentive and amazing staff makes you feel so welcome! The rooms are functional, clean, and modern. The free shuttles that run thru 2am are the cherry on top! Excellent hotel, I will recommend to everyone! The staff is so helpful! Close to train station, free shuttle service, good service staff It was easy locating the hotel using the instructions provided on the website. The check in and out was fast and the staff were attentive and friendly. The free shuttle service to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun came in handy too. Highly recommended for those who wants the convenience and non of the hassle traveling to and fro these places. I will come back to this hotel again. free shuttle bus nice and friendly staffs very nice, clean and big rooms The room service is good, also provide free gifts and Highly recommended with a reasonable price Very helpful staff. Good sized, very clean, comfortable room with tea/coffee making facilities and free wi-fi. Shuttle bus service to main shopping and interest areas I enjoyed every minute of my stay at PJ. The frequent shuttle to various locations saved money. The staff provided guidance and advice when needed, and made all necessary calls to arrange reservations for tours and theatre. Having free Wi-Fi was an added bonus. I also enjoyed having a massage in my room by an experience masseur, The only problem is there inflexible check -in/check-out times. Friendly stuff Good environment Provide good services Awesome :) they are having good services and I whole strongly recommend this hotel. service, nice rooms, free city shuttle Room was nicer than expected. Equipped with a makeup room, seperate dining area, free nespresso coffee, water, face masks, vanity kit and separate shower/bath area. Highly recommended. Got a flash deal as well so was not expecting such value. Thanks hotel PJ friendly staff, clean and comfortable rooms, free wifi I will recommend this hotel to others 1. Wide room 2. Shuttle bus3. Good utility Maybe that building was remodelling recently. So very clean and each floor keeping private. I will stay there next year. Thank you. convenient, nice location, good staffs I love this hotel, they upgraded me to the premium room with very nice view. room / service / easy transportation comfortable and well done services Nice hotel with free shuttle to major shops” attentive staff, close to MTR, shopping district” Superb” Gret hotel, value for money and thoroughly enjoyed” comfort hotel, great location” Comfortable Hotel in the Center of Seoul” shuttle service included” good location for one night stopover, ” Excellent” Will book PJ Hotel if visiting Seoul again” Comfortable with attentive staff” Excellent” best location; nice staff.” Great location and pleasant ” Great location with city view” Great stay at PJ Hotel; Definitely will return” We really enjoy stay at PJ Hotel” We enjoy our stay at PJ Hotel” Very enjoy my stay at PJ Hotel” Satisfied stay at PJ Hotel” Free wifi, free shuttle and near to airport bus Nice, quiet and relaxing. The rooms are clean and tidy when we are back even though we usually head out late morning. Near to a 24hr convenience store which you can enjoy instant noodles or oven toasted meal with beer and drinks after your rampage shopping spree. Even when you miss the hotel free transport, the metro is also a short 5-10mins walk. as above fantastic, will choose it again next time i visit Seoul Great location, perfect room, very clean I stayed 2 night with my family in this hotel, this hotel has a perfect location, 2mins walking frm airport shuttle bus, and chungmuro subway station, hotel is very clean, we booked premier twin bed, the room is spacious compared to other hotel that i stayed during my holiday. This hotel is the best choice if you plan travelling to seoul city area. Room size is good with balcony, attentive staff that speaks English & free wifi in room Hotel is great and real value for money and will not hesitate to recommend to friends. Hotel proivde free shuttle service to the major shopping districts. Great complimentary wifi in room is another highlight. city hotel with free shuttle, near to subway station, good location I have a pleasant stay at PJ hotel. The hotel is located near to subway station. its convenient to travel around. Twin room is spacious and has a balcony. Free shuttle bus provided but only for 2 routes. Hotels staff and housekeeping service are meet expectation. Comfortable Bed, Bathtub, Good location I enjoyed staying here. The bed was very big and comfortable. In the bathroom, they provided everything like shampoo, soap, facial mask, and sponge. Also, there was a nice bathtub. Although the hotel is farther away from the subway than I thought, there is a shuttle into Myeongdong and it is in the middle of very good locations within Seoul. I would definitely stay here again! nice staff, spacious room, walk 10 mins to Ming Dyong 3 beds room, have a small living room, clean hotel and easy to catch a taxi outside PJ hotel central location to interesting places very nice for short stopover,central location to interesting places like palace, staff very friendly and helpful,easy to communicate in English,problem to communicate with taxi drivers and bus drivers, didn't speak and understand English Good services, friendly staff and good stay Highly recomended!. Suhtle bus is wonderful. Great to stay here.. (1) Attentive Staff (2) Free Quality Mask & Facial Cleanser (3) Free Shuttle Bus (4) Good rooms We had decided to rebook for ourselves into Hotel PJ after our first 3 days of Business Trip. Had left our bags with the conceige for 2 days without any worries while we go out of Seoul. Because of the late recheck-in, we had been told that the Double Room we had booked for is full. We had been upgraded automatically to a Suite Room. To our surprise, this Suife Room is really huge and is really good for us to do our packing works! The internet speed is also so strong that I can make skype calls with no interruption. Cleanliness, attentive staff and comfortable The stay at PJ was comfortable and very clean. The staff was superb. Good services best location; nice staff. location, room rate and nice design I have a great experience with PJ Hotel. They staff is very friendly location, room rate and design I have a very pleasant experience with PJ hotel. The hotel is very clean Shuttle bus to main attractions running till late; near Chungmuro interchange station; Airport limousine bus drops you off near hotel Great stay at PJ hotel. Definitely will recommend it to friends and family. Friendly staff, clean room, Nice location We was really enjoy stay here with a clean and comfortable room, Provide shuttle bus to Myeong-Dong and Dondaemon is very good. Thank you for the friendly staff here. Friendly staff, Nice location, Room clean We was really enjoy stay here with a clean and comfortable room, Provide shuttle bus to Myeong-Dong and Dondaemon is very good. Thank you for the friendly staff here. Friendly staff, Comfortable stay, Convenience location We was enjoy our stay at PJ Hotel. The room are clean and comfortable, Friendly staff. Internet speed very fast Friendly staff, Room Clean and comfortable, Internet Wifi speed fast I was enjoy stay at PJ Hotel. Very convenience because they provide shuttle bus to Myeundong and Dondaemon famous place for shopping. Very nice” Enjoy stay here” Execellent Service, large confortable rooms” value for money. beyong expectation.” Near Town” comfortable, free and easy and culture visit” Friendly and helpful staff” good experience” Comfortable hotel” Just as good as the first visit, great” PJ hotel value for money” Excellent location” Inexpensive but super comport” It was clean, friendly, and efficient.” PJ Hotel; a hidden gem in Seoul” If you are seeking comfort of home; stay here” Extended my stay for one more night” comfortable” Comfortale, clean and considerate” Easy access with attentive staff and great value” Convenience, clean, comfortable Friendly staff, room clean, convenience place. Provide shuttle bus to Myungdong and Dondaemon. Friendly staff, Convenience place to stay , Internet speed fast I am enjoy here. Value money to stay here. Room very clean,staff very friendly. place very convenience, the hotel provide shutttle bus to Myeung dong and dondaemon. Really good for those who want go to shopping at their famous place. Indoor car park, family room, shuttle service to major shopping area Execellent stay in Family room type, large room with balcony. free suttle bus to main shooping area, friendly staffs, quality hotel. It was beyond what i have expected. This is really a quality hotel, i would say this hotel is more than 4 stars standard. For what i paid, it is really value for money. What's more, this hotel is providing shuttle buses to all the main shopping areas and transit arrangement to airport. Very convenience! i would come back and stay the same hotel again if they still have good offer for the room rate. Good Hotel, Good Services. Hotel near Town, near MRT, near shopping market Good Hotel, Good Services. Hotel near Town, near MRT, near shopping market large bed, clear room and good location Relay, safe, comfortable, close to metro station, shopping area, free shuttle bus, goods quality restaurant PJ is an excellent hotel. The front desk staffs are helpful and professional. Room is big and clean. Excellent location and close to Metro. Very Nice and wonderful experience, helpful and polite hotel staff shuttle bus running every 30 mintues, location is good, nice service shuttle bus running every 30 mintues, location is good, nice service, if you want to go to dong de moon in mid night, this hotel have shuttle bus to there until 02:00, and very near to ming dong and subway station! but most disappointed is no store or supermarket around there will open 24 hrs. Clean, comfortable, fast Internet Many local restaurant around and it is 5 minutes walk distance to metro. 15 minutes walk to myeongdong. Service, service, service Excellent, no problems, close to public transport (short pleasant walk, great local atmosphere large room for 3 twin beds, plus a large balcony. room temperature very cosy, toilet is large. we stay 4 nights here. Downstairs have Location, staff, wifi Nice hotel room, Wi-Fi is fast. Clean and English spoken staffs. Location as old downtown, 110v power, clean as five star Very good, i would stay there again if i go to korea it was clean, friendly and efficient. sleep comfort, safety, room comfort This is my 5th booking at this hotel. Following my 4 night stay,I had a spare night to book anywhere I wanted in the Chungmuro area, as I was off work; and I decided to extend one more night at PJ Hotel for all the reasons I have mentioned in all of my reviews of this hotel. My extension was granted and I was able to keep the same room as in my previous 4 nights. I am very happy with this hotel and plan to come back here when in the Chungmuro area. Personally, this hotel suits me very well. They even have laundry machines and two dryers up on the 8th floor; thus you can do your own laundry in case you forget to dry clean it. It is little things like that make my stay there comfortable; and a home away from home. Great job PJ, you are a gem! comfortable and clean room, great bed, staff Once again I decided to come back to this hotel for another 4 days stay. As my two months schedule in Seoul is unpredictable, I often book last minute or not exactly "far in advance". This is my 4th booking at this hotel in the past month. I keep coming back to the hotel because I feel my needs are being met; while being very comfortable staying here. I have stayed at a lot of hotels in Seoul and this just seems to seal the deal for me. I can almost match the comfort level of staying here to the comfort level of my own home; and that doesn't happen very often that I can say this. For a hotel, the service is amicable, and professional ranging from the bell boys, to front desk staff, to greeters and elevator staff, to cleaning ladies and shuttle bus drivers. The rooms are of a very good size and always clean. My requests are always being met without any questions. The free and fas wifi allows me to do my work at peace from the comfort of my room. I would recommend this hotel to all. comfortable stay, polite staff, great deal through agoda This was my third booking for PJ Hotel. I decided to extend my stay for one more night at this hotel due to a new engagement that came up on my side. I asked the front desk if I could keep the same room, although it is a different booking, and they said “of course”. I just had to bring in my 2 keys for them to reactivate them. I also got a great deal on this booking for one extra night. good service, nice location PJ HOTEL HAS A GOOD LOCATION, NEER THE SHOPPING CENTER. OUR ROOM IS QUIET AND CLEAN. THE HOTEL HAS FREE BUS TO MANY PLACE WHICH IS VERY CONVENIENCE. large bed, shuttle bus, free wifi very pleasant stay. The bed is large and very comfortable, regret not having the time to sleep in it longer.The room is clean, and equipped with complete and useful facilities, including refridgerator, steel safe, kettle and bottled water as well. The staff are nice. And the shuttle bus running through day and night brings us to the main attractions and shops in the area. The shuttle bus also announces the messages in four languages including Chinese, very thoughtful indeed. The location is satisfactory. The nearest subway station is with 300 metres, and there are a number of small restaurants and shops nearby. One limousine bus from the airport (NO.6015) stops by the hotel, so all is convenient enough. English speaking staff, cleanliness, courtesy buses and proximity to public transport Excellent, the room was large with a big bathroom and a large comfortable bed. Close to transport both buses and subway. Staff spoke English and were extremely helpful. Short walk to Chungmuro subway station. Free courtesy buses provided by the hotel provide excellent access to the markets and other tourist locations. Provide drop off and pick up service. Laundry is extremely clean. Friendly staffs, good location, clean room” Excellent Hotel” Loved it!” My family had a pleasant stay at PJ hotel. ” Attentive staff, free frequent shuttle bus ” Nice location” great service” Room is so very comfortable!” Great hotel to stay in Seoul! Loved it!!” fun” Great hotel and value for money. ” Overall everything was good.. centrally located.. ” Comfortable hotel near shopping, local restaurants” Very pleasant” large, comfortable room and friendly staff” Value for money” AWESOME!” It was a great hotel as room and service was good.” surprisingly nice and free upgrade!” Highly reccomended” Location, comfortable room and friendly staffs Huge room with Balcony, Location Location, cleanliness, staff I loved this place. It was a bit difficult to find at first. The staff helped me locate it and once you know where it is you can't miss it. They have a shuttle that goes to Myeongdong for excellent shopping. The staff were very nice and helped me with a bus route because I had no idea how to get to the place I wanted to go. Friendly staff with good service. The room is big and clean. Excellent stay and I would definitely go back to the hotel. The arrangement from the hotel to Seoul airport was well arranged. Location is good, however you have to take 5 mins walk from the main road to the hotel (from the bus stop or train station), hotel provides a free shuttle bus service for the hotel guests. We have a wonderful stay here. Attentive staff made our stay even more wonderful. You may seek for their advise for anything you wanna know about Seoul. They will try their best to give you the answer. Hotel provides free shuttle bus for the hotel guests (mainly to the most famous shoppoing area). If you are taking airport shuttle bus to the city, you may need to take 5 mins walk from the main road to the hotel. Shuttle bus is very convenient . Nice location. Good service service, location and room comfort It was very comfortable and we enjoyed how attentive the staff were. Would come back. The toilet is very well designed and large. The bed is very comfortable. Great hotel to be based at this price and sufficiently near and convenient to get to Myeongdong. Free hotel shuttle is a great way to get around. PJ Hotel is the best! Room is so very comfortable and huge. Big balcony with good city view. Luxury at very reasonable price! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at PJ Hotel. The hotel staff were all so very friendly and helpful. They spoke enough good English and they offered very good tips on moving around and going to places of interest. The hotel room is very spacious and certainly not what I expect in this price range. Overall very good value for money. A must come back to hotel to stay when visiting Seoul. location,service,friendly stuff PJ Hotel provides free shuttle to shopping areas, large comfortable room, polite and attentive staff. PJ Hotel is centrally located, large comfortable room, free shuttle to shopping areas and its easy access to airport shuttle. 5min from MRT station, can access anywhere easily! Hotel provides shutter bus to shopping area every 30min! Hotel staff was helpful all the time!! overall everything was good except the aircon in the room is not very cold, probably won't choose this Hotel for Summer. Except this, everything from this hotel was great!! Clean comfortable room, nice location for shopping and good value Good location, clean comfortable room and helpful staff It was my second time at PJ Hotel and this time around it did not disappoint as well. Friendly staff, large room, easy access to major attractions The room was very spacious and clean. Hotel staff were very attentive, friendly and fluent in English. Room services were fast. Would definitely stay here again. Very quiet and very comfortable bed and pillow. Very clean. Free shuttle bus to shopping area. Very happy stay. Very quiet in the room, very comfortable bed and pillow, I sleep very well. The staff speaks very good English and solve our problems. Fantastic service, great location and value for money! It was fantastic! The shuttle bus service is pretty convenient for shopping! and subway station is so close! Best part, the service is excellent! Best hotel I've stayed at! Room, Front desk and concierge staff were friendly and helpful. Well done!! My stay was happy and comfortable except for the free bus shuttle to Myeong-dong. We arrive early abt 10.30am which the bus suppose to go off at 11.00am. The driver told us to wait and we were fine waiting at the pavement. At 11.00am, when we found the bus and board it, to our horror the bus were full with people which we saw boarding while we were waiting. We thought the people boarded the bus to airport but it was the same bus to Myeong-dong. In the end we have to stand. Nobody tell us we can board the bus and wait. The service of this Hotel is really except this area. Overall worth ataying, will surely go back again. clean room, nice people, good location Free shuttle bus, friendly staff, comfortable room Stayed 5 nights at PJ hotel. Highly reccomended. Triple sharing at family room was superb, large room with balcony, nespresso machine topped up everyday. staff was very friendly and helpful when we needed help. 5 mins walk to chungmuro station, alternatively you can take the free shuttle bus and get down at the first stop. very convenience and worth it. really enjoyed it!” comfortable , convenient , friendly staff” Location, Comfort, Friendly staff, Value for Money” A Retreat of Peace from the City” Pleasant and comfortable” A nice place and I'm sure that I'll come again!” Free city tour , good local ,” Excellent Hotel in Seoul” Plesent hotel with good size room” Excellent service skill, nice design ” Great Hotel to stay!” Pleasan stayt” Shopping” City centre, which is very lovely.” big room space” its good quality hotel and got shutle bus ” I would stay again” Nice Hotel” nice hotel , nearly shopping center” Great location and staffs” helpful staff, clean and spacious room, good location we stayed for 3 nights, with different bookings. Staff was nice enough to arrange to put us together. The bell boy was very friendly and willing to help beyond his duties to help us with the language challenge while dealing with local stores. It was in the middle of the night too! Really appreciate it. the staff was very friendly and can speak many lauguage , the shuttle service was make me felt convenient to stay , the room was big and clean. The staff was very friendly , thank you so much for their good service. I had a good stay there. Huge Bed, Location It was a pleasant hotel, good location as it was near the subway and located close to the Myeong Dong Shopping District. Taking the airport shuttle was only a stone's throw away from the hotel. Also, the rooms were nice and big. It was the convenience and comfort of one of the bigger hotels in the area for the a fraction of the price. Will be back soon. The neighborhood was quiet and just far enough from the city that it was a break from shopping and sightseeing. The staff were extremely friendly and kindly accommodated my request for a double bed. It was wonderful! We expect to return when the opportunity presents itself. Courteous staff, convenient and quiet location, and large rooms with fast internet. It was a peaceful retreat. Self-laundry services, hot/cold water + ice available, quiet and clean We had a great stay at PJ Hotel as the check in was very smooth after showing our hotel voucher from Agoda. The rooms were rather spacious and even had a balcony! There's a PC provided should you need to serve the internet or you can connect to the free Wifi provided. I was able to have skype calls with the connection which proved reliable. Cable tv is also provided so you will not be bored if stay up late in the hotel. Location wise, PJ Hotel is 5 minutes walk from Chungmuro or Eujiro-4 station. Convenient and easily accessible. There's also a hotel bus shuttle which operates till 2am so you do not have to worry about transport after late night shopping around the area! The room is clean and the staff speak english. We had our JSA tour confirmed by them over the phone. Without their assistance, we would not have been to do so by ourselves. Very convenient and close to the metro! The staffs are very helpful and polite! Wonderful! I have a nice trip here! Besides, the room is tidy and clean! Free city tour , good local , shuttle bus airport to hotel friendly staff Free city tour , good local , shuttle bus airport to hotel friendly staff 1. Staff friendliness 2. location 3. Transport My family and I had a pleasant stay in PJ Hotel for 7 days. I have a high recommendation towards hotel PJ and i definitely will choose to stay in PJ hotel again for my next visit in Seoul. The location is just nice and is only 10 minutes walk to Myeongdong which is the place that i like most in Seoul as the food is nice and is very crowded there and you can find almost everything in Myeongdong. Secondly, the people in PJ hotel is very nice and helpful. For this trip, I bring along my mother who need to use wheel chair all the time and the helpfulness of PJ hotel people really impressed me. They helped me to get a taxi all the time, helped to carry wheelchair & other things into the cab, provided the lift ( no need to climb the staircase ), showed me the nearest good restaurant which the food is super good, greeting us with a wonderful smile and always asked us whether we need any help or not. Especially the uncle at the front door, he always offered us help while we want to go out with a wonderful smile. Thirdly, the shuttle bus provided is very convenient. They nearly go to every location that tourist will go and from 9 a.m. to 2 a.m. The driver is very professional and will ensure every passengers are safely seated only start driving. Like us, I mostly travel by using cab, it is very convenient as most of the place is just nearby. Even though PJ hotel is not located at the crowded area in Myeongdong, but for a tourist, that is not a problem at all. You can choose to travel by subway which is only 5 min walk from hotel, by shuttle bus which is free or by cab which the fare is just alright. And for food, there is a couple of restaurant nearly provided good food like Omori and the stall at the left hand side of the hotel which serve kimchi steamboat and BBQ pork which i think is the best i eat in Seoul in this trip. Overall, I give a hight rate for this hotel. Shuttle bus service that bring you around the shopping belt, even without bus, its still walking dist to the subway,most impt, the staff speak good english Although the hotel is not located along the main road, the shuttle service make up for it, departing hourly around the main shopping belt, particularly useful for those that need make multiple trip to transport your purchase :P Close to everywhere This hotel is always the first choice for my stay in Seoul, they have excellent service, nice design in room and good food. Great Hotel to stay! Excellent! PJ was a clean and well-located hotel. I will definitely stay in PJ hotel the next time I visit Seoul. Accessibility, Clean and big rooms My family had a great time, staff was responsive, courteous and helpful. Rooms are big comfortable and clean. Hotel provides regular shuttle bus to various places including service up to 2am to Dongdaemun. Close to Myeong-dong shopping area. Regular shuttle bus near to train station and airport bus service. Great hotel for family. clean, good, polite That is the good hotel at Seoul, they have a free shuttle bus service and service man polite. Big bed, in room wifi per person, lovely staff, nice shuttle bus to city center clean big space Great experience,people are friendly,location is convinienceshopping is easy got shuttle bus very helpful shuttle bus service. ckean room & comfy bed. Based on the agoda travellers' reviews, I booked 6 night at PJ hotel. Never regret it. Thank you!! This is my 3rd trip to Seoul and PJ hotel is the best hotel that meet my needs. Since my main objective is to shop, easy access to the main shopping areas is impt. PJ offers every 15min interval bus service to MyeongDong, Namdaemong and Lotte shoping center, from 8am to 11am. From 11am to 2am, every hourly shuttle bus service is provided to Dongdaemong at evening. I have saved the time and money in travelling. This Is impt if you do not want to waste time or carry shopping bags in the train. Another adv is the bed ... it is so comfy. :) and many of the rooms are triple-sharing. Good for family or friends. Spacious room. With convenient loctaion, close to public transport , near shopping area. friendly staff, luxury, comfortable Location, staff, comfortable room myong tung,dong tai mum” very happy staying in PJ hotel” A great stay in a luxurious room!” I had a good time here” Highly recommended” Value for money with good location” Nice luxury hotel good service ” Great, Comfortable Rooms” Absolutely great room” comfortable” big and clean room” Great Hotel, Value for Money” Excellent and comfortable stay” Near the subway statation, close to shopping area” A relaxing Getaway” Clean, roomy, comfortable” Superb-fantastic!” So good that you don't feel like going out!” This was a perfectly priced hotel and great staff” Satisfactory stay ” good service staff can speak english I very like PJ they service and they have shuttle bus every day for hotel to myong dong and from airport to hotel very easy to go .. friendky staff, very good location, very good shuttle bus service This is not my first time staying in PJ hotel, the reason we chose to stay there again was the friendly staff, nice smilling faces, good shuttle bus service and very good location.. Also very comfortable bed and clean room.. Nothing unsatisfied ever! Large room, tea ceremony area, great bathroom Perfect. I caught a great deal on Agoda.com and they upgraded me for free. Staff spoke great English and were helpful with getting me an iron. Will stay there again. A definite recommend. comfortable, good service, ease of transportation Shuttle Service to Myendong. Great service. Clean and comfortable rooms location, services and friendly staff Very good experience which can be compared to most 5 stars hotel. Location is good as it's easily accessible to Myeongdong and even to other areas, even thru cabbing is cheap. The hotel shuttle is a plus point to the tourist. Good advice and services provided bu the hotel staff which only make Korean a much better and friendly people to be with. Definitely will come to stay in this place when I visit Seoul again. The old eatery just outside the hotel 1st floor entrance, next to the restuarant, served very good and juicy grill fish which we ate 4 days out of our 8 days stay. A must try. Everyone is friendly , hotel is clean and modern big tv screen, nestpresso machine in room. Shuttle bus, Friendly Staff, Large Rooms The location, the BIG room, and the fast wifi I stayed at the hotel for one night only, but it was very memorable. The room that I got was very good and big (maybe I should say huge) even it is twin, I got 1 queen size bed and 1 single bed. It was very huge that can fit up to 6 persons, even I only went with my one friend. The room also included a mini tea table, making it more comfortable and large. The wifi also limited only for each room (even each room has 2 lines of wifi!), so slow internet connection will never happen. Good hotel! kindly staff, comfortable beds, nearly every subway room size is big and clean, easy to access Helpful Staff, Comfortable Bed, Great Location Friendly, clean and good location PJ Hotel did not disappoint. Room is extremely comfortable/well-equipped and staff was very helpful. Will definitely come back to stay again. Room, traffic, people The hotel locates very close to Myeong dong area where your shopping will go endless. We had a very relaxing stay here and wished it would never end. Hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. The only thing is I could not find any room services menu in the room...The balcony is awesome btw Location, Price through Agoda, comfort Wonderful stay even if short, rooms are fantastic and well equiped. Prompt service, helpful and friendly staff! satisfied to the max! will be coming back when coming back to Korea again! Free transport to various location that tourist will visit! I. Love to stay again. So convenient , clean big rooms and helpful staffs waiting for our services ! Price, Staff, Room The have ladies only floor, room with good size, attentive staff excellent hotel.polite staff.” Great value, new and clean rooms” Relax, clean room” Excellent stay ” Hotel of Choice Next Trip” good nice” nice hotel ” SUPERB!” Great!!!!!!!!!” We had great experience everytime we stayed here.” Great staff and location” Comfortable & convenient hotel to stay” Nice, comfortable & convenient hotel to stay” comfortable,nice hotel for family” very good hotel” การเดินทางไปโรงแรมสะดวก ห้องพักกว้างขวาง สะดวกห้อง” Very comfortable big room” nice hotel” This is my 2nd stay at this hotel!!! Liked!” Very nice rooms” price was good. clean Very good value. Very new service was great Very nice hotel. Great value when on offer price. Will definitely stay here again. It's near an infamous street with ktv hostesses tho. But still a great hotel. Location, room size, price Location, close to shopping, friendly staff. Cozy Room, Attentive Staff and Value for Money chief, simple, clean no plroblem very clean and kindly good good location provide shuttle bus to shopping place, the room so clean and more space, the eed internet is so stable and Location, staff, value for money!! Location, value for money, friendly staffs Great Location, friendly and helpful staffs and value for money Staff friendly, great location, value for money Beautiful, easy to access to central locations, we definetely will come back comfortable & convenient & shopping area its superb comfortable hotels, good location, just 3 minutes walk to Chungmuro Subway Station & 4 minutes walk to Euljiro3(sam)-ga subway station. PJ Hotel is nearby Myeongdong area is about 20 minutes walks from PJ Hotel to Myeongdong area. Besides that, PJ Hotels do provide free shuttle bus to Myeongdong & Dongdaemun shopping area. The hotel staff is very friendly, and the hotel front desk staff able to speak English and upgrade our twin room to a premium room due to twin room is fully occupied. The premium room is superb big with wonderful interior, the premium room able to stay for 4pax. Comfortable , convenient location, provide free shuttle bus to shopping area, friendly & helpful hotel staff Very nice hotel, its superb comfortable hotels, good location, easy to get public transport, just 3 minutes walk to Chungmuro Subway Station & 4 minutes walk to Euljiro3(sam)-ga subway station. PJ Hotel is nearby Myeongdong area is about 15-20 minutes walks from PJ Hotel to Myeongdong area. Besides that, PJ Hotels do provide shuttle bus to Myeongdong & Dongdaemun shopping area. The hotel staff is very friendly, always welcome customer with cheerfully appearance and the hotel front desk staff able to speak English and we have been surprised by the hotel management to upgrade our twin room to a premium room due to twin room is fully occupied. The premium room is superb big with wonderful interior, the premium room able to stay for 4pax is super big hotel room with a dressing area, big bath room, 2 queen size bed and a Korea style living room, love it. clean room, good service, easy to access We stayed there with my daughter for 4days and 3nights. The room was good and clean. Staff were very kind, speak Japanese fluently. It was easy to access for shopping or sightseeing around Myong-Dong. good location , kindly staff ,big room ห้องพัก คอมพิวเตอร์ บริการรถรับส่ง ห้องพักกว้างใหญ่ สะดวกสบาย มีบริการรถรับส่งไปแหล่งช๊อปปิ้่ง มีคอมพิวเตอร์์ในห้องฟรี Clean,big,comfortable good location, cheap and good quality 1. Got shuttle bus to Myeong-dong and Dongdaemun per hour! 2.Could see Seoul Tower in my room. 3.There's balcony this time! Location, size of room, and maid service. The suite I stayed is probably one of the best rooms available in downtown Seoul for the price. The hotel is close to Myeongdong and near many good restaurants. The stay would have been even better if they would have offered room service. Really love this hotel and want to stay again” Best hotel I stayed on my trip, friendly staff” Superb and nice hotel” fantastic and will come back again in this hotel.” great location with big rooms” Great value for money” Value for money and staff was great” Convenient and cozy hotel” Great hotel” Highly recommended. Well worth for the price. ” Spectacular” Lovely and Quiet Hotel” Great location and spacious room” Lovely Hotel with a large room” Lovely hotel with large rooms” PJ hotel” Conveniently located hotel with great amenities” Hotel of good location” Great hotel with all the amenities” The rooms are clean and all complete amenities ” Best room, fast service and freindly staffs Helpful staff, large & comfortable room Really enjoyed my stay in PJ hotel! Though it's not centrally located in Myeongdong, it was easy to get around since there're 3 subway stations nearby. Shuttlebus service is also provided. Rooms were big and really comfortable! Will definitely book this hotel again if I visit Seoul. Good location, great staff, best service good staff clean room and location. We enjoyed a lot in this hotel since location is very near and provided by a shuttle van in nearest shopping areas. We will recomend this and we'll come back using this hotel. location, coffee machine and free shuttle service second time to stay here... the staff are very friendly and helpful. love the coffee machine and the water dispenser... the beds are very comfortable... location is perfect for shopping and site-seeing... will surely stay here again! big clean rooms, coffee machine, water and ice dispenser per floor very relaxing and the concierge were very helpful when we needed directions for places that were quite far from the hotel. Staff. English Proficiency.Clean rooms free upgrade to a family triple room, clean and comfortable, located near Myeong-dong and close to metro stations Free shuttle service, friendly staff and convenient location The hotel experience was pretty impressive. I liked everything that this hotel has to offer. The rooms are quite spacious, WiFi is free, all amenities are well provided in each room. I will definitely stay in this hotel when i come back. Staff are well trained. Very professional and friendly environment. Locate at Downtown shopping area, very convevient. Spacious room Nice hotel overall and good service with spacious rooms. This hotel is newly renovated and the location is great This hotel has a very good location. It takes only 5 minutes walk and you will arrive at the subway station. I love the balcony at the room and have a good city view. The shuttle service provided by the hotel is convenient. Spacious room. Great service, nice location, and quiet. We stayed five nights there and really enjoyed our stay. Spacious rooms We stayed there for five nights and enjoyed it very much. Free shuttle Great service , got free room upgrade , free shuttle to major shopping areas Free shuttle bus, free wi-fi, close to subway I am very satisfied with this hotel, and would definitely consider staying here again. I caught the airport bus to Chungmuro Station. From there, the hotel is not that hard to find as long as you study the map beforehand. If you want, you could probably catch the free hotel shuttle to the hotel (since Chungmuro Station is the first stop on its route) but then you would ride the bus for about 20 minutes as it loops around its course. Personally, I found it easy to walk there; even with my huge suitcase, it was only a 5 minutes walk. I love that there was a hot water pot and coffee maker in the room, and 1 free bottled water for each nights stay. The free wi-fi was icing on the cake! with free shuttle bus This hotel is located in a convenient location and is very near subway. The hotel also provides free shuttle bus to Myeong Dong and Dongdaemun from 08:00 AM to 02:00 AM. The room is big enough and very comfortable. Highly recommended to travellers. Good room size, had all the amenities (even face masks and cleansers etc), great and friendly staff, free baggage storage and great free shuttle buses We loved our stay at PJ Hotel. It was easy to take the Airport shuttle bus which arrives near PJ Hotel - just remember to note PJ's directions on how to find the hotel. The staff are always so friendly and helpful. The free shuttle bus has 2 routes that run frequently. The rooms are decent sizes and clean. Loved free the amenities that they had - they had everything even face masks and free wifi. Would definitely stay there again. The hotel is clean and relaxing We love to stay here very relaxing and the people who works here are nice . The amenities in the room are complete and everything that u need is here . We have coffee machine , the drinking bottle supply are everday even the robe and towels they change it everyday . They clean the room everyday . They have shuttle bus that u can ride for free .we are going to stay here again . Good Location ” Excellent Room” everything you will look for is in this hotel” Clean hotel with nice service” Location is very good ” Great hotel” Great Location and Lovely Hotel” Amazing Hotel” Very good hotel” Great room with resoneble price” Great room, great price” Great hotel!” Lovely hotel” Great location with helpfullstaff” Spacious Room” Great location” Convenient Location ” Great Location ” Nice Family Room with Balcony” Excellent service, well maintained hotel!” Free shuttle bus - Convenience the best is good location which is near mtr station and airport bus-stop. besides, hotel has free shuttle bus which is converience. Free Shuttle Bus to Downtown The staff is polite.The room is clean and tidy. The Mattress of this hotel is excellent, i just fell asleep very morning. Only 5 minutes walk to the nearest subway station. Staying in this hotel is one of the great things for this trip. Accessible, Accomodating staffs, Spacious rooms, nice toiletries. great location Everything that we look for in a hotel is here plus more. Nice Location, accessible to everywhere plus they have a free shuttle that roam around the city til 2AM. i also love how accomodating and courteous their staff is, they never fail to give you that royalty feel in this hotel everyroom has its own wifi router, a nice veranda and super big rooms!! every floor also has a water and ice station. convenience store is just a few steps away. Guests have this 5star accomodation feel for a 3 star accomodation price. Hotel with shuttle bus to main shopping area Spacious and clean room with Japanese style washroom. Nice service. Provide shuttle bus srrvices and staff can speak fluent english The trip was happy and happy to stay at PJ hotel..definitately to recommend to all people. Lovely hotel The hotel is very good. The room is clean and big enough for a couple with three little kids. Also, the staff is nice and can speak fluent English. Moreover, the shuttle bus can reach many travel attraction. I will stay in this hotel again if I come to Korea next time. Great location There is about 15 to 20 minutes walk to Mingdong and some attration like lotte department. Also, the hotel provide shuttle bus service. All staffs is friendly and helpful. Great hotel with everything you want I saw the hotel good comments at Agoda.com, therefore I chose PJ hotel. I think it's amazing great with its price. The room is clean and tidy. Their service is good and the staff is nice. We've also been other hotel, such as Lotte World hotel. When comparing to others, I rather like this hotel. Good location Good location and close to subway. You only to take less than 5 minutes walk. Besides, hotel room is big and staff is very helpful. They all can speak good English.. Good room, free internet access every room Great price, free wifi every room, very good staffs, but pretty far from train station, but they provide pretty frequently to help this problem Free internet wifi every rooms Great price, free wifi every room, very good staffs, but pretty far from train station, but they provide pretty frequently to help this problem big clean rooms with excellent service Lovely hotel with clean nice rooms and great service1 Great rooms with great service! Extremely satisified with price, rooms and service! Great location near Subway station and airport bus stop I stayed with my wife and her friends on winter 2012. Lovely room with helpful staff.. Hotel staff give clear direction while we want to go to place of interest. Spacious room with good lay out.. New and clean condition. Spacious Room the room is spacious. and the condition is clean and new. the bed is comfortable however the pillow is a bit too high for me. the heater is a bit too warm and we end up have to open the window even its -15 degree outside =p location is ok, just 5-10 minutes walk to subway station. but consider the freezing weather outside, its a bit brutal. the hotel also has shuttle bus to the shopping area however its 1 hour between each bus. which i suggest its better to have it in every 30 minutes. overall, the hotel is good and i would recommend it. location, big room Very good hotel in a convenient location, close to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun. The room is big and comfortable. location, shuttle bus The hotel provide shuttle bus til 2am! It's very convenient for shoppers at Dongdaemun area; taxi is cheap in Seoul as well, it costs less than 3,000won from hotel to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun. Very helpful Staff was very helpful, hotel is very clean and nice. Indoor car park, Free shuttle bus service Great family room with balcony view to NanSan Tower. Indoor parking is very good especially in Winter time. Hotel provides free shuttles which is very convienient for shopping and dinning. Modern design, spacious rooms, high tech toilet, very courteous and friendly staff, shuttle service Hotel PJ is the place to be! With the price we got from agoda, our stay in PJ can be the most value-filled. We got a twin bed room and it was just spacious. It gets serviced daily and the ambiance was great- thee was a heater to keep us warm especially it was winter when we went there. The staff was kind enough to even bring us to their recommended restaurant for free. At least we have saved some won by not riding the train anymore! The staff was also friendly and courteous, greeting whenever they see us. All in all we were more than satisfied with our stay on this hotel. Highly highly recommended! Great service, Great Location” Clean and tidy” Fabulous hotel!” an excellent hotel” recommend to the one who love shopping” Lovely hotel and friendly english speaking staffs” Excellent Service” Great hotel, although obscure location” Great value for money” Welcoming Hotel” Excellent Stay in this Hotel” excellent service with new, large rooms” Great Hotel with great service” Valuable hotel with good location ” Very nice hotel” Good Enviornment” Great location, great room” Great location & comfortable clean room” Fantastic Hotel with great service” Very nice hotel! Great features”  The Good: - Rooms were clean and spacious - Service was great (they could speak English well) - Has free Wifi - Free Bus service to 2 great locations (Myeondong for day shopping and Dongdaemun for night shopping) - 5 ~ 10 minute walk to 3 different metro lines - Location could be regarded as the "centre" of fun, i.e. it would not take you more than 20 minutes to get to all the famous landmarks and regions within Seoul The Bad: - There was nothing "fun" immediately next to the hotel so you will be required to catch the metro or taxi (both are super cheap) all the time Balcony I can't believe that price can have a nice hotel as this one. The hotel facilities are good but except location. However they offer the shuttle bus to MyeongDong and Dongdaemin which can provide convenience to their guests. Rooms are big and with balcony. Nice view. But I would suggest the hotel should provide bigger sign to show the direction at the airport bus stop. Otherwise it's not easy to find after drop off. Great location, friendly staff, free shuttle bus, nice cafe The hotel is so incredible. The first room we had had a beautiful view overlooking Myeongdong with a nice view of the N Seoul tower . The beds are comfy and the rooms are very spacious for two people, there's more than enough room. Great spaces to unpack and hold shopping acquired whilst here. The staff are kind and courteous, greeting you when you appear in the lobby and calling the lift for you when you come back in. It's located very nicely, a simple walk from the airport bus stop so getting our suitcases to the hotel was a doddle, and there is also a train station next to the airport bus stop so getting around is simple. It's also located very close to Myeongdong, the Oxford Street of Seoul, so all your shopping needs are fulfilled. Overall we enjoyed our stay here so much we will definitely come back to this hotel. near railway station, comfort, clean and good interior design of room This hotel is an excellent hotel, as it provides frequent and practical shuttle bus for the guest to get to nearby sightseeing hotspots. Besides, the staff are helpful and nice, as I was cheated by a restaurant on the dining fee, the hotel staff help me to evaulate how much did the restaurant cost excess and even accompany me to the restaurant to get back my money. Moreover, the interior design of the room are modern and warm, just like at home and it is vert clean also. Overall, it is a very good hotel with reasonable price. convenient location. nice and helpful stuff. clean and big room with balcony Pros: Convenient Location : near to tube station , 3 mins by walk. 2400 won by taxi to Myeung Dong Nice stuff: fluent in English, helpful and polite Nice room: plently of room space, good decoration with balcony Cons: Cant think of any Will stay in this hotel again if the price does not go up Free Shuttle Bus, Excellent hotel room, friendly staffs including the cleaning ladies and the security guard We were placed at the lady's floor and were pleasantly suprised by the amenities inside the room. My favorite is the leg massager!! Very helpful after a long day of walking around the city.....On top of the usual hair dryer, there's also hair straightener , air purifier machine and Nescafe Dolce Gusto machine inside the room. Very impressed by the thoughfulness of the hotel.........Whoever planned it, should be given a big pat on the shoulder......Decent size room comes with balcony...bathroom is big and clean as well......Overall a very pleasant experience, will probably stay at the hotel again on my next visit to Seoul...... Great Service I like this hotel very much, good service, nice location, and big smile from all staff. Wonderfully upgraded rooms and well finished This is a great hotel once you are inside. The location however is not ideal as many of the taxi's are not famailar with the hotels name as it hs changed in the last few years. The hotel is however wonderfully upgraded with the rooms having all new features. The newly refurbished rooms are excellent value for money The location is conveniently located in Jongro, although it is obscurly located in an olderpart of town that few are very famailar with. This makes it difficuult for taxi trivers to know the exact location. Good Value for Money The hotel did not appear to be centrally located, and the surround area looked quite residential. However, the hotel itself was decorated to a high standard and the staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was a good size, but could be a bit bigger given that the bed was so large. Equipped with everything you would need. Also the only hotel I have stayed in that offered free face masks in the room, fantastic! Very good service and room is very comfortable Very value for money stay given that we booked this during the Flash Deal by Agoda. Location-wise is good as well since this hotel is located just a few stations away from popular tourist attractions like Myeondong for example. Service from the staff is excellent as well. They provide free shuttle bus to various locations. Room stay is comfortable with everything that you need. friendly staff, clean & spacious rooms we arrived late at night (after 9pm) so it helped that the staff were really helpful and polite, giving us directions to a nearby eatery for good food. the rooms were spacious, clean and brand new, with not one but two tvs! the only thing is that the hotel is located in some sort of market, so it's bustling during the day but dead quiet at night. still we had no problems and enjoyed our stay at pj hotel. not a bad location at all. Shuttle bus is just the best. No Problem to go shopping at night! great location. near to subway station and have its own shuttle bus up until 2am. we were travelling with infant of 20months. the staffs were great, helpful and always put a smile on their face. overall, the it was a pleasant stay. would recommend this to everybody. 5star! Excellent hotel shuttle to tourist spot Location is good, just few mins walk from underground. Hotel shuttle to some tourist spot, surprise me that one even run until 2am. Room is very comfortable and amazing is that it provide facial mask. I've been stayed in hotels of different countries, yet it is the first time to have complimentary mask. Haa may be it is Korean hospitality. Room size is ok for 2. The twin is family twin bed. Lovely is that have a balcony. At night time, we can still see the N Tour though very far away. free shuttle to shopping centre Close to subway station, just 3 mins walk! Free shuttle to Menddong and Dongtenmun is the best arrangement! Staff is very helpful! Airport shuttle station is also 3 mins walk to hotel! Must stay next time! Nice Shuttle Bus the reception is very nice, but the bell boy have broke both of my luggage handel, overall i stay in this hotel for many years. just maybe it is too cold that they can't hold the handel very well. Spacious clean rooms, comfortable beds and good service Good location near to Myeongdong, Dongdamum etc. Walking distance to airport shuttle bus. Very friendly service. Near to Myeongdong , Dongdamum etc Hotel room is clean and comfortable. Free shuttle bus is provided to nearby attractions. It is also near to airport shuttle bus service. Friendly service. Shuttle bus, mask, decoration -white christmas decoration at hotel lobby, amazing! -very big and nice pretty room! -2 tvs in the room, a coffee blend machine, air purifier machine, mask provided, 2 pillows on each bed!! -great location with shuttle bus to different places!! -it's definitely worth to stay in pj hotel!! Nice rooms. Very easy to/from Incheon Airport via Airport Shuttle. Easy access to subway Loved the hotel and location. The rooms were really very nice. Great value. And very easy access to/from the airport shuttle, tour bus stops, and subway! The hotel also has it's own shuttle service too that will take you to nearby attractions. Great Hotel” Comfort and lovely hotel, sure will come again !” Cute hotel, great location, very helpful!” Great location with Great rooms” Excellent Hotel” Excellent Hotel” Good service” Great Location, Nice Room and Good Service” More Than We Expected Before” great value for the money” great location” Great Location, friendly service” great location. friendly staffs” great location” The hotel was in a great location and big rooms.” Nice rooms with great accessibility” Wonderful Stay at an Affordable Rate” Great Experience” Rooms with balcony and view!!” Great location with spacious rooms” Clean room, modern equipments, near subway and airport bus stop, friendly staffs pj hotel was the best place to stay during our trip in south korea. the room was very clean, with good heater. the hotel is located near subway (euljiro 3-ga) and airport bus stop. it also provides shuttle bus to various tourist spots. the staffs were very helpful and friendly, and they speak english fluently. it was a big help for us who can not speak korean. we did not try the hotel food, so we will give a neutral review on that one Hotel staff are very helpful and cheerful i am very satisfy for the hotel facilities ! Especially like the free shuttle bus service ! The room size is good ! Hotel staff are helpful, cheerful, and excellent english speaking skill which gave me a good impression in Seoul ! You cannot expect too much but sure you will get what you have paid ! Got upgraded for free, great location!!! And very very very helpful! They were always willing to help any chance they saw us. Spoke great English, and helped with any questions on how to get places. They also made our bookings for tours and shows we saw! I highly recommend is hotel, great prices and good, clean rooms! Hotel Shuttle to Nearby Areas From the moment I stepped into the hotel I was happy with the hotel and its service. I arrived past midnight and the service staff already had my booking ready so I didn't have to do much check-in admin and could rest early. The rooms were spacious, coupled with a huge balcony and toilet. Because of the cold weather, a warm room was more than welcome. However, there is no gym or laundry room. Good Service I have been staying in this hotel during most of my visit to Seoul, I find that this is the best hotel service I ever had from them. Good Serivce This is always the best hotel which I stay in Seoul, good serivce, nice location, shuttle bus offer. Housekeeping Good location and service， especially free bus running Near airport, clean and nice rooom, friendly staff The hotel is approx 10mins drive away from the airport. The room was big and comfortable. More importantly it is clean and neat. Staff was friendly and helpful. will recommend others to say here :) easy acces from and to the Seoul shopping area the hotel is wonderfull, all of us were excited from arriving in front of the hotel, entering the lobby, and specially when entering the room, we felt very comfortable, and compared the price with the facility, we were very excited the security access was great also with the multi-access card location, shopping, friendly staff The location of this hotel has been mentioned before...super close to the subway, but maybe a little difficult to spot when first arriving. If you are in town to shop, this hotel is close to Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, Namdaemun...and a short subway ride from the Insadong area. I found the room clean and comfortable...the staff friendly...and enjoyed my stay. I'll likely stay here again when visiting Seoul. Cannot really comment on the food as I did not eat at the hotel, but several options were available conveniently located within walking distance to 3 subway stations. hotel staff has no problem with English. The concierge service is excellent. Nearest subway is chungmuru station (line 3, 4). The free shuttle bus service provides extra perks. Stayed here for four nights, two nights when arrived in Seoul and another 2 nights after return from ski resort. Will stay here again if I visit Seoul. great location The hotel is located at Myeong Dong, walkable distance to the subway; very convenient to get around the city. The staffs are very friendly, they helped us in every questions that we asked, from tourist attraction, to directions etc. satisfied :) friendly staffs The hotel is located at Myeong Dong, walkable distance to the subway; very convenient to get around the city. The staffs are very friendly, they helped us in every questions that we asked, from tourist attraction, to directions etc. satisfied :) strategic location The hotel is located at Myeong Dong, walkable distance to the subway; very convenient to get around the city. The staffs are very friendly, they helped us in every questions that we asked, from tourist attraction, to directions etc. satisfied :) The receptionist was nice, the lobby was brightly lit and the room were clean and spacious - bigger than we needed. we really enjoyed our stay at pj hotel. we were lucky to get an upgrade from a double to a suite because apparently they were fully booked. we were wow-ed by the 1-br suite. as we entered, there were 2 spacious closets, which we couldn't really take advantage of because we were only staying for a night. there was a big living room with a couch, single chairs, coffee table, and a inch lcd tv. the bathroom had a jet tub, a nice waterfall showerhead, and ready for this...a tv! there was a separate bedroom with a desk, 2 chairs and coffee table by the window, a king size bed, and another tv. we wished we stayed for a weekend. we could definitely throw a nice party in this room because of how spacious it is. i loved how clean it is! Fast check in excellent location with great accessibility, 5 minutues walk to subway station which is a intersection of two subway lines. very convenient to commute within seoul Spacious, Free PC usage and WiFi, Good Room Services and Well-Maintained Room As recommended by many after staying at PJ Hotel, we pick this one up thru website and had our memorable 8 days stay in this hotel. Except the Airport Limousine stops at the subway station which is 1 junction away, everything we will be near perfect for us! We had a little hardtime dragging our luggage across the junction, crosses several shops before reaching the airport limousine busstop as the pavement is pretty bumpy for us. For food, is the least worry for us as there are many small korean shops around the hotel with decent picture and price tag. Though we cant speak korean, simple English and some fingers "pointing" makes it seamlessly to order our wishes. friendly staff, large room, good price I met a fellow traveler on the bus from airport to the same hotel; we got off at the wrong stop and had a fun time navigating to the PJ hotel-- but each time we asked for help, the locals were very friendly and accomodating :) The hotel is slightly off the path, but well worth finding. The worker outside took our bags immediately to put on the conveyor belt. The atmosphere in the lobby was welcoming. I checked in and was automatically upgraded from a double room to a king size room because my friend was not meeting me. The room was spacious with a king size bed and a whirlpool bath. Be aware that the plugs are 110v, but there is one plug with an adapter for 220v standard American plugs. We showered and headed out to explore. A staff member gave us directions for a local Korean restaurant down the little alley, and it turned out to be delicious and just the experience I wanted. I only stayed one night in Seoul, but that stay wet my appetite for more of the city. I'll definitely stay at the PJ hotel again. great location, balcony, friendly staff pj hotel was really a nice looking, modern, maybe 4 stars hotel despite being surrounded by small industries, such as printing, furniture and lighting shops. at the main entrance, you had to climb up a flight of stairs to reach its lobby at level 2. a luggage belt was present though. throughout my stay, i realised that this hotel is a hit among japanese and chinese tourists. staffs were really warm and friendly, and spoke english, japanese or chinese. my room was situated on the 10th floor. room was spacious, beautiful, and immaculately clean and tidy. toilet came with a bathtub. there was even a balcony, where i sat and drank take out coffee and ate desserts on many nights, and staring out at the night sky of seoul. per night costed sgd$120. surrounding pj hotel were 3 different stations: chungmuro (blue and orange line) in the south west; euljiro 3(sam)-ga (green and orange line) in the north west; and euljiro 4(sa)-ga (green and purple line) in the north east. the distance to all these 3 stations were about the same, taking about 5-10 min. what this meant was that pj hotel effectively was connected to 4 different subway lines, blue, orange, green and purple, and by choosing which station to go to, you really save the time changing lines. for most of my trips, i used either chungmuro or euljiro-3. pj hotel also provided shuttle buses that bring you to nearby tourist spots like myeong-dong, nandaemun and dongdaemun. in fact it was within walking distance from myeong-dong. sometimes, after dinner in myeong-dong, i just take a leisure stroll back to the hotel. please check out my blog for more information about the hotel and surrounding. Spacious room Excellent location, walking distance to two subway stations, check in was fast, spacious rooms nice hotel” Spacious room” Friendly and helpful staff” Brilliant hotel. With all mod cons ” Best hotel best location ” PJ has made my trip in Seoul enjoyable” Friendly Staff ” Very Very nice Hotel! Great Location!!” Nice room and service and not bad location” excellent hotel with helpful service ” Good price” Good price” Huge room, clean room, worth the money!” Big rooms with quite not god location” Good location and good service” beautiful hotel. Bit expensive but very nice” 一流的迷人酒店"或 "位置优越但客房空间较小"” Nice hotel! Great Location! Good Service!” Great hotel with friendly staff” Nice looking hotel in a hidden location” shuttle bus to major shopping areas Pj hotel was very clean and comfortable. New tv and water available and hotpot and refridgerator a plus!! Nice and clean bathrooms!! Loved the Toto toilet too!!! We had a nice view of the city!!! Door men very nice and helpful!! Helped us get a taxi and very friendly. Would definetly stay there again!!! Shuttle bus service PJ on the whole is excellent! Love the shuttle bus service to most of the shopping locations, clean and large rooms, staffs are very helpful to the extend that they assisted me to book Nanta tickets, gave me directions to the sight seeing locations. I will definitely return back to PJ hotel anytime. Good location Really enjoyed my stay in this hotel. It was conveniently located with the metro sufficiently close by. Was thoroughly impressed with the friendly and helpful staff who went out of their way to assist me. Will definitely return to this hotel in the future. Great value for money, had everything you could need Bit further out from gangnam but not bad taxi cost £10 roughly but there can be traffic. Highly recommended hotel would stay here again Staff good Good place to stay near all banks western union money gram every thing good No complane of this hotel . Every thing good Free shuttle bus to major shopping areas, Big room with wardrobe area, high speed free wifi This is a great place for shoppers!I was staying in premier twin room for 5 nights. I was going with a friend, two of us could put all our shopping bags in the wardrobe area. We could go to nearby shopping areas by shuttle bus which is very convenient. And it was very close to Kudo Hotel Airport bus stop, only 5 mins walk. The beds were comfortable and free wifi were fast. The room was well-equipped with instant coffee maker, air freshing machine, temperature control, seperate shower and bath, etc. Would definitely stay here again! Express Coach from Aiport and free shuttle service in town Try the free shuttle service for day and night service as the coach goes most of the attraction in the city. Take the Express coach from airport as its much cheaper than taking subway and taxi. Free Shuttle Bus, Easy access to shopping area well, i was amazed about this lovely hotel, we checked in and the receptionist told us the double room were full, so she gave us suite room! so delight that we went to pj because of 50% discount. lucky me and my wife had a comfortable stay at pj. also you can get myeongdong, dongdaemun via shuttle bus. and 5 mins walk distance to chungmuro station. nice bidet in the room as well..however, my wife complained that the room was cold due to the weather condition and couldn't turn on the heater. tried call the desk but aint working, i think they were probably saving cost.. overall it was not a bad stay. suite room was absolutely nice and of course the location. Spacious room and comfy bed the hotel pj is quite near the subway 'chungmuro station' and has a convenient free shuttle bus service operating between dongdaemoon / mingdong. however, strongly recommend travelers to be downstairs waiting for the shuttle bus at least 5 mins before the scheduled departure time because when we were staying there, the shuttle did not wait at all and sometimes left earlier, made us having to take taxi which was not that easy to get at the hotel's location (facing an alley, not the main road.) the room, bathroom and bed are comfortable and spacious, and service is good too. staff speaks english or japanese. nice hotel overall with excellent value of the price. will want to stay here again. room is clean, big, with balcony, service very good with provide bus I and 4 of my business partner stay here for 3 day 2 night .we come to Korea for business .during the wrong stay at PJ hotel we very happy with the hotel condition and service . Good location the hotel is located in a very convenient spot for exploring seoul. it's about 5-7 minutes walk from chungmuro subway station (subway line 3 and 4). the hotel is surrounded by a market, local restaurants, and small businesses. there're more trendy shops and restaurants around chungmuro station since it's also near the university. hotel room is neat, clean, new and most importantly the room's quite big. the bed's comfy. plus, there're purified water and ice machine at the corridor. Good location this hotel is around a 5 minute walk from the pj hotel stop of the airport bus. so we had to carry our luggage along the streets to get to the hotel. it would be a great improvement if the hotel could provide frequent transfer service between the airport bus stop and the hotel. the location of the hotel makes it hard to access through the subway. there are a number of convenience stores located near the hotel. the room is very spacious. it even includes a balcony for smokers. it has all the amenities one can expect from a 4-star hotel. it lacks stirrers or spoons for making coffee but makes up for it by having a tea set. internet in the hotel is free and each room has a separate router which makes for fast internet speed. i particularly liked the bathroom because of the automatic toilets. late check out which is usually given free of charge in other hotels, is paid here at krw for check out at 2pm. Excellent location, huge room, nice sitting corner, very clean we were traveling as a group of friends, 3 of us in a room to cut down costs, you get what you pay for in this hotel! the room was huge, the beds were comfy and clean, and there was a nice traditional sitting area, might not look like something most people would want, but trust me, when you get into that "cosy corner" , its hard to get out. the "premier floor" had this huge sliding glass door for extra security, it was pretty cool, and everything in that hallway was brighter and looked much nicer! stay on the premier floor if you can!! Nice rooms and there are small restaurants nearby the location was quite far from the subway and main street, though there are shuttle provided by the hotel it seems that you will be having your own time so u wont be using too much of the shuttle. also the subway is quite a walk from the hotel, specially when cold weather came, this would be hilarius. Good service and smile of the staff - Good location. - Free shuttle bus to shopping area - Nice room - Smiley face staff room!!! Lovely room when we arrived in Seoul. Everything we needed and more. Coffee in the room and a bathtub. Only no breakfast (almost never in korea). Big buffet though so worth it to purchase. 一流的迷人酒店"或 "位置优越但客房空间较小" Convenient Location, close to chungmuro station, ! Free shuttle bus service! Helpful and Friendly Staff! Clean and Spacious Room! A really good location - close to Chungmuro Station at Exit. 1 (with escalator. ). The hotel is very clean indeed, quite a nice room, they have everthing except toothbrush and paste There's a 24-hour 'Family mart' just around the corner, The lobby, corridor and room are spacious. Near subway station, nice and clean room The room is very clean and tidy. The staff are very friendly. Location is great - very near to subway station and there is free shuttle bus in the lobby. Bright lobby, free wifi, comfortable rooms, close to the subway I booked 2 family rooms for my friends and I for a one day stay. We arrived early and the staff were happy to hold our luggage before check in times. I had read about the small alley way walk to the subway station and went through it, it wasn't that bad. Going to Myeongdong shopping district was a piece of cake. The shuttle service to Incheon Airport was convenient. High Standard Hotel” Great location and very nice facilities!” Nice trendy hotel” Fantastic hotel ” Friendly staff and good internet connection” Beautiful hotel with beautiful smiles.” nice hotel!” Great Location with lovely interior” Great location” Nice Hotel! Close to many attractions” Nice hotel with great service” Clean and mordern ” Very clean and nice hotel” nice hotel ” Warm & Safe Hotel for Ladies Shoppers ” Lovely decor with in-room jacuzzi facility” Great Hotel with reasonable price” Excellent Hotel with low price!” Excellent Hotel with low price!” An Outstanding Hotel” Have shuttle bus service, English speaking Hotel is clean and tidy. Transportation is convenience. Staff are polite,nice and helpful. They can speak English. This hotel is my first priority when travelling again next time. Spotless big rooms and excellent service! PJ Hotel is very convenient located - 5-min walk to 3 subway stations and also free shuttle bus rides to major sites nearby. Was very satisfied with the room size and conditions and loved the modern design of the room. Was also very grateful for the service as we had a overpay issue with a taxi ride and even without the receipt, the hotel was able to track down the taxi company over the course of 2 days and get our money back! So major thumbs up for its customer service and would love to stay there again next time! Very nice decorations This is a very nicely decorated hotel. The staffs are helpful and polite. The rooms are nicely made and the bathroom is also big and clean. There is a japanese style tea area inside the room where you can sit down, have a cup of tea and read. The free shuttle bus service is really convenience for us to go to the shopping places. Room is beautifully done. Spacious and very clean at first the location threw me off but when i entered my hotel room i was more than impressed. i was astounded by the beautiful tea area and the cleanliness of the room. everything was comfortable. there's even a free shuttle to bring you to the shopping areas. and not that far from the subway station. very comfortable to be at. big and comfortable room Previous comments talked about an inconvenient location, but actually I found the location very convenient. Only a minute walk to the pet street with many restaurants and convenient stores. Kinko was also not far from the hotel, so it could be helpful for business people. My room was bigger than I had expected. A big king size bed and modern looking bathroom made my stay very comfortable. There was a PC available in my room, but I could not use it since all the commands were written in Korean. There was a business center with PCs on my floor, but not attendant was there. I had to call staff members in the lobby when I had problems in printing. Services, cafe, room, location Great facilities although I didn't use much. Location is slightly not so good but with the hotel shuttle bus service, traveling to places is very convenient. Service crews and bell boys are so friendly and helpful. We had to send parcels back to Malaysia and the bell boy helped us throughout although we faced many problems. We stayed for 4 nights and we loved it. Airport shuttle reaches at about 500m away from hotel, a short distance walk to the hotel. convenience, nice location This is my second trip to Seoul and last year I live in Hotel PJ and this year, I choose PJ again. The service is good, location is good and their shuttle bus service is amazing. Love the interior Went to Korea with my mom and recommend this hotel for family traveler. Near chungmuro station. Very convenient. very clean room. less than 10mins walk to nearest subway. but shuttle buses provided also at regular intervals if dont wish to walk. overall im highly pleased with the hotel.highly recommended. Good Location, Clean, comfortable This was a nice hotel. It was very clean. The breakfast buffet was a little expensive, but nice. The hotel was a short walk from many attractions. They also offer a shuttle bus to two popular spots. The only thing we didn't like was the sauna they recommended, it was not very clean or in a nice setting. If you're going for a twin room, the beds are halfway between an american single and a double, so not really big enough for 2 people to share a bed. The room had a very nice enclosed balcony. Small lobby but big rooms! Had to move to this hotel from a Marriott so we can be closer to the city center. I'm very happy we made a good choice. Wish the hotel was by the main road but the shuttle service compliments it. We chose a premiere room since we had 2 kids yet it was too big for us. The room had ample safety features so you feel really secured. The staff were very accommodating. There was a family mart which was accessible on the ground floor level. We see a lot of Japanese guests so I would say this hotel had great standards. Will definitely stay in this hotel again. helpful staff - highly recommended a bit difficult to find but once you know the place, it's very easy. Very helpful staff. Provided free bottles of water, face mask, comb and all things travellers need. Will absolutely stay here again Clean, friendly staff, nice location i am impressed with this hotel especially the friendliness of the staff. the staff are always helpful though they speak minimal english but they usually converse well in japanese. the room is exceptionally clean and i am a really sensitive person to cleanliness and i have no problem staying in this hotel ! hotel in good condition. block away from resturants. staff are freindly, very accomodating. the place is near office supplies shops which we dont expect. the good side is the location is near korean restaurants. Clean Room, Love the transportation between hotels to myeongdong. Location of this hotel is awesome as its near the subway and there is a family mart within the hotel premises. Staffs were friendly and professional. Most importantly, they could understand english well. They were very helpful in road directions which is good for tourist. Did not manage to try to F&B outlets within the hotel. Jacuzzi and comfortable room size It was pleasant with a family mart just next door. only thing was the walk towards chungmuro subway was through a quiet alley which may be abit dangerous for solo travellers. Location and Price It's at great location with just few mins walk to the subway. Also, it's near Meyong Dong, the hottest shopping pot of Seoul. The hotel inside is very clean and room space is relatively big. Price is reasonable in comparison with other hotels in Seoul with same level. Worth stay. Big room, king size bed+big single bed, clean, free mask Big room with king size bed + big single bed in a twin room, hotel near subway only 3 minutes walking from Euljiro 4(sa)-ga exit 10, follow the pj hotel web site, easy way showing with photos to find the way from subway and airport bus to hotel, hv a 24 hours convenient stores just downstairs, shuttle bus to Myeongdong and Dongdaemun. Every day has room cleaning, first day check-in has water and mask in the room, business centre at the 8/f, there has 3 computer and a printer can use anytime the staff has good english and helpful (a staff who standing outside hotel, im not sure is he a guard or not) he is vey helpful, can speak well english and putonghua with me and help me to hire taxi, thx clean good service even three big single beds in the room, can open all 3 luggages still hv spaces, hv a big balcony looking Myeongdong city view and Seoul tower, friendly staff, good service at the lower floor restaurant Clean, Comfortable and Quiet Although Hotel PJ is not located in the commercial area of Seoul, it is convenient to access by Airport Limousine, Metro, or the shuttle bus of the hotel. Receptionists are nice and helpful. Room is clean and large. As resided on the upper floor, and standing at the balcony, I could see the city of Seoul with school and residential buildings with students playing ball games in the playground, people rushed to work, and especially night view and snowing view of the city. Great location, friendly staff” very good hotel indeed” Great location, friendly staff, clean” Great Hotel In the heart of Seoul” Fantastic Hotel” Good Service” Good locaiton for shopping” Love this hotel” Great location” Wonderful hotel with really friendly staff” Good Hotel in Seoul” Great hotel with excellent staff” Nice location, friendly staff” great hotel” Couldn't ask for better!” great hotel!” Great location with gorgeous spacious room” Value for money!!” Excellent Hotel,Very Recomended” great facilities, helpful staff” clean rooms, fast internet we enjoyed our stay very much. there's a free shuttle going to shopping places and back to hotel. convenient in going to incheon airport as it is near bus stop. friendly staff pj hotel is one of the best memories during my stay in korea, very warm crew, especilly two good looking guys from the concierge, thank them for the patience and kindness. also the guy we met on te street, he helped us carry out suit cases :-). and cleaning ladies, very polite and neat. the room is superb for stay, very clean. korean restaurant on the first floor is very nice as well. Clean, reasonably priced, convenient we stayed here for a few days in late january. the staff was extremely helpful -- mapping places we wanted to go and helping us find them. the room was clean -- up-to-date and nice. there was a water fountain and ice machine on the floor, which was an added bonus. there was also a computer in the room (awesome!) so if you're a tourist, you don't need to lug your computer along. the location was downtown, which was great -- although we ended up taking taxis most places we went anyway. there is a shuttle bus that comes every hour (and sometimes every 15 minutes depending on the time of day) which is free and convenient. great place! Near shopping center, train, helpful staff.... Pj Hotel is one of the best hotel in Seoul, it is very accessible to all (day and night) the staff of this hotel is very kind, surprisingly they know how to speak english fluently and aside from that they are also fluent in mandarin chinese and nihonggo which i know how to speak too... The room is very comfortable and clean' the size of the room is just enough for the two occupancy. I really love the view from their window =) i will still chose this hotel when i will have my trip to korea again =) more power to PJ HoTEl! See you again soon! And also thanks to agoda! New and Clean and Big Room When our family arrived at PJ Hotel and open the room door, we are very satisfy with the room. Because it is very big and very nice. It can be mentioned and named as 5 stars Hotel. And the western restaurant also is very nice and the food is very good. Besides, we like there are auto door controlled by room card. It is fantastic. Able to speak english Clean and cosy hotel. Good reception that could communicate well in English. That's important in Korea. When the Airport Bus stops at PJ Hotel station, you need to walk through the old building to reach another road and you will see this nice hotel. Don't worry. Just walk. It is about 100 to 150m. nice and so clean Very nice hotel, I like it very much it is so near shopping center and subway super clean rooms it is 0.5 km (0.3 mi) from korea house, 1.4 km (0.8 mi) from dongdaemun market, and 1.6 km (1 mi) from n seoul tower. a subway stop is about a 10-minute walk. this hotel provides complimentary local shuttle service daily except tuesdays. it has two restaurants: one serving korean cuisine (closed weekends and holidays), the other featuring buffets. other amenities include a business center, concierge desk, and complimentary parking. air-conditioned guestrooms come with balconies, flat-panel tvs, and complimentary high-speed internet access. complimentary tea service is also provided. bathrooms include bathtubs with handheld showerheads, along with bathrobes, slippers, toiletries, and bidets. Great location PJ hotel is located just near 2 MRT stations and only takes 3 to 5 min to walk to. Although the room is a bit small, but it is pretty clean. The staff The only thing is it is in a not-so-nice neighborhood, but it is very close to euljiro station line 2/3, and chungmuro station line 4 on the subway, which gives you access to the whole city. seriously, much nicer than I expected with lovely staff working. good location good location in seoul, this hotel is near shopping and mtr station and central. Good, clean rooms with very friendly staff. PJ Hotel is in great location. Very close to shopping, restaurants. Is only a 3-5min walk from subway which then can take you virtually anywhere. When we arrived the staff were very friendly ans spoke good english. After checking in we asked the staff how to get to the suubway and they were very helpful. The rooms are spacious and clean with good amenities. If we stay in Seoul again I would not hesistate to use PJ Hotel again. very clean, friendly staff, good location I stayed for a wedding for my friend in Seoul. It was really nice and the taxi drivers seemed to know where hotel PJ was. It was also easy to get to the hotel from Incheon Airport. It was a very nice two days I spent in Seoul. US plugs, nice beds, roomy, filtered water Aside from finding the hotel the first night in the dark, it was a great place. I will definitely try to book there again. Staff was very helpful. Shuttle bus was great! Convenient location, complimentary shuttle service, clean rooms, friendly multi-lingual staf Really enjoyed staying at the PJ! I found it to be the best value for the price of all the hotels I've stayed at in Korea. close to all the resturants and shops. It is a very unique hotel, I like it very much. The room is pretty big. Location Good location with friendly and helpful staff. Rooms are decorated beautifully. Loved the pillow especially- not too flat 5 star service, staff were friendly, room and washrooms were cleaned and tidied to perfection. Although we only stayed for 1 night, the hotel staff at PJ hotel welcomed us with wide smiles. They did not hesitate to answer our questions regarding the subway and taxi services and even provided us with a map for navigation around myeongdong. The rooms were of great satisfaction and I would definitely visit the hotel again. Although its location is not very convenient, I would rather walk 5minutes to the subway than pay more for a hotel at myeongdong which offers the same quality of service but at a higher price. :) Very Large Room,Nice Balcony,Nice view from Our Room This is the greatest Hotel from All of Hotel that I laready visit at Seoul (actually I'm move from one hotel to another Hotel) The decoration very beautiful,very large room..They gave me 1 Single bed and 1 queen size bed,,even I said that I'm alone.. Very good service..The staff very kindly,they always help you even you don't ask. And near from myungdong..but not very near from subway station..You can use shuttle hotel to reach myungdong. They have shuttle And near from shuttle airport stop. Or you can use taxi..There is always taxi at that hotel..Or you can use aiport taxi..Ask the recepcionist to call them. There is free wifi and modern bathroom..They only have to added PC..and this hotel will be PERFECT! Value for your money,not very expensive (I stay at the other hotel,more expensive but not nicer than this) Absolutely will be come back to this hotel if I'm visit Seoul Next time You must walk around 10 minutes to find subway.. If you want the easy way.. You use the myungdong free shuttle from this hotel..And you can find a subway station 10 min walk to Myeongdong and near subway Great facilities. 10 min walk to Myeongdong and near subway, helpful staff (all koreans seem to be). Unlimited drinking water - hot and cold and ice even. balcony. Comfy beds. Hotel with Excellent Service” Great spacious hotel with a view” Nice hotel with great location ” Lovelt hotel with good service” Nice, clean with spacious rooms & helpful staff” Good hotel with good rooms & satisfied service” Nice Hotel” Super PJ HOTEL in Seoul” A very chic hotel with modern setting.” Friendly frontdesk, great location, nice staff ” Service is very good and location is convenient” Great hotel with good location” Great hotel; recommend highly.” Beautiful hotel, great service, great location” Lovely hotel and service with a smile” Small room but great service where they are apply ” nice new hotel” Great hotel, newly renovoted, beautiful staff” Conveninet and lovely staff” Great Hotel and smiling staff” nice rooms, water and ice dispenser, wifi, receptionist with excellent service! overall the hotel is worth for its value! i book that hotel one day before staying period and i notice that i couldn't print the voucher out due to the rushing time, so i just walking in with the voucher(soft-copy) in my smartphone and the receptionist do accept as the supporting document! the room is very clean and there is a balcony for us to viewing the the korea street~~ the next day i request the front desk to help me to print out a coupon for theme park with a cost and they do help me foc! that is really delight me! great view, newly renovated great view of n seoul tower from room balcony. hotel location is 1 stop from dondaemun and 1 stop from as hotel provides free shuttle service to all the main shopping areas. free wireless wifi is a great bonus on top of the new furnishing. Great price, friendly staff, good location, nice bathroom, clean and perfect size room. Really glad I stayed at this hotel, so close to all the train stations and airport bus. 10 mins walk to Main shopping area with lots of great restaurants. Room was really nice, clean and the bed was so comfortable with a spacious bathroom. I am a airline staff who stay at a lot of hotels and I will choose this hotel again. Nice Location Nice hotel with very clean rooms. Location is a little far to the famous shopping stripe, but is only a walking distance away from the nearby Metro Station. It is a popular hotel with many tourists from Japan, and Asia, who are there for holiday and shopping. Complete hotel amenities, very comfortable terrific hotel, very clean, nice staff, good amenities, i was lucky to get a very valuable discounted prices to stay here, thanks agoda ! Rooms & wifi service, good front desk assistance despite the tiny alley that we had to pass through, i think this hotel is a great place to stay for people who wants to soak in the local culture. the walk from train station is not bad at all. hotel provides shuttle service hourly to tourists spots which is something i found out when i reached. so thankful for that. it's convenient from the airport. just have to pay w$10,000 for the airport bus 6015 and it stops at chungmuro station. if the timing happens to be good, you might catch the hotel shuttle otherwise the walk to the hotel is just about 5mins. plenty of local food stores, so you'll never go hungry. love it and will definitely go back. Clean room, speak good english, helpful staff, free shutter bus, near to station overall experience for this hotel is good. the front desk staff can speak good english and very helpful. room is clean. located near chungmoro station (around 10 minutes walk) and euljiro 3-ga station (around 5 minutes walk). they provide free shutter bus service to certain places until 6pm. highly recommended for all travellers. Lovely Room with Great Value what a lovely experience in seoul with pj hotel. hotel is right in the center of action, only walk about 3 blocks to get into where the shopping area and food. the room has about everything you needed. nice decoration and goood size bathroom. also, pj hotel has the large balcony where you can relax and feel fresh air at night time. free high-speed internet is what i love the most in room and lobby area where i can update my facebook :) overall.very very lovely experience with pj hotel and a great service Efficient staff members. Comfortable room. Good for both leisure and business. It is not situated inside MyeongDong, but nearby within walking distance. Hotel provides free shuttle services to several subway stations and it is very convenient. A very chic hotel, and I love the renovation. I will definitely return! Location, facilities my hushand and i (and our nuborn 6-month-old baby boy. were so pleased with hotel p.j. free hi-speed wifi/ desktop in each guest room, water filter on each guest floor,and super cozy king-size bed !!! one stop to famous shopping district "myeongdong" i will say this is one of the best hotel we ever stay in !!! convenient location The service of this hotel is good. The room is very big. Location is very conenient which is near the subway. And it has free bus to Mengdong for shopping. Everything is very good. If I will be Korea again, I will chose this hotel again. Near to many good resturants The location of the hotel is great. There are many great resturants nearby. The room is clean and spacious. The hotel staffs are polite and can speak english well. The hotel also provides free shutter bus services to several areas, making shopping easy and enjoyable. I would definately return and stay at this hotel on my next business trip back to Seoul. Quality hotel, well managed Thoroughly enjoyed our time here. Would stay again when we return to Seoul. The hotel had spacious rooms, a beautiful interior, great service, and its location was close to many of the tourist spots! Didn't find any negative things about this hotel. We have nothing but good things to say about our stay! The hotel is close to the subway and many of the key tourist spots. The room we stayed in was spacious and had a great view. I'd definitely come back to this hotel~! Excelent Service. Good Location. Covienent Shuttle. None Excelent Hotel for the money. It was a little scarey walking to the hotel but once we got there everything was great. The honesty of the house maid, the good shuttle bus service. Found nothing unbareble Same as the previewed one below, I just took this opportunity to correct the rating that I did it in reverse the last time. good breakfast, although not free, large room not really closed to 3 subways, pretty convinient good breakfast, although not free, large room best english speaking receptionist i ever met in Korea Everything is brand new and modern No swimming pool, spa, or sauna I loved the decent sized rooms with comfortable beds. They even had a balcony with a table you can chill on. The bathrooms were clean and came with all the hygiene products you would need. They even had a business center where you can use the internet for free. THe staff are beautiful women who spoke English well and were extremely helpful. I highly recommend this hotel Very good staff and location NO Very helpful staff and the hotel is very clean. The location is in the center of the shopping center. Hotel has bus to take you to the places you want to go shopping. No breakfast though. The rooms are spacious and clean The bus from the airport leaves you a little far from the hotel The hotel is well located near atractions and restaurants. The only problem, in my opinion, was the fact that the bus from the airport stops a little far from the hotel and you have to walk through a dark alley to reach it.
 Absolutely fantastic!” 최고” 최고” Nice Simple Boutique Hotel” Just great hotel!” The location was just perfect for a traveler. ” Customer services ” Close to shopping and food” Highly Recommended” Center of Gangnam for a good price” Great Business Hotel” Of they have a connecting room or family room will be good” Perfect trip ” Location, spacious and clean room” Affordable quality” Really good location with a really good price” Excellent location, basic, clean ” 2nd Time Staying” Great price and location” A neat and convenient hotel! ” The location couldn't be better. It's in front of the Coex mall which has the Starfield mall, Parnas mall and Hyundai department store. There's even an aquarium and a cinema. There's also a McDonald's right next to the hotel and on the first floor of the hotel a 7eleven. The metro station Samseong is a block away. Like 2min walking distance. And the airport bus station is right next to it in front of the Grand Intercontinental hotel. The neighborhood is absolutely stunning. And safe. As a female you can walk at night by yourself and you will feel safe. The rooms are perfect. Super clean and modern. I really recommend staying here. I would definitely come back if I had the chance to. Very good location - 711 and Mcdonald’s are just a few steps away, and an airport limousine station is just across which makes it very convenient for tourists to head to the airport. If you’re a kpop fan like me, SMTown is just literally just a 5 minute walk away. The subway is also just 3 mins away from the hotel. Staff members are very warm and accommodating. The hotel itself is very clean and tidy. Already marked Hotel Peyto as one of my favorites! The location of the property is excellent. It is near a 24-hour convenience store, McDonald's, coffee shops, COEX, a bus station as well as an airport limousine station. The hotel itself is very clean, with complete amenities. You will surely have a good rest in this place. Stayed for 13 nights and my room was very clean (daily cleaning) and reasonable size (Deluxe Room). The staff all very polite. There are many cafes and 24-hrs Convenience Shops near to the hotel and a MacDonld's just next to the hotel (7-11 just downstairs the hotel). Location is very good as it is directly opposite COEX Airport Bus Terminal which you can check-in your luggage and even clear the Immigration from there. Express Bus fare from there to Incheon Airport is KRW$15,000 (approx. SGD$16) for 1hr 20mins journey. Hydundai Department Store is just opposite the hotel with all lot of eating stalls and Supermarket. Nearest train station from the hotel will be Samseong Station (Exit 5 or 6) and it is around 10mins walk. Overall, I will recommend Hotel Peyto (Samseong) to any kind of travelers. Worth the money. Very clean, convenient location, responsive staffs and lots more! I definitely recommend this one! Btw agoda was cheaper than directly booking with the hotel due to exchange rate I guess... Anyway I will stay at this hotel again next year! I stayed in a solo room. It's just right across the Coex city airport so it was so convenient for me to take airport bus and even check in my luggage in advance. The hotel is close to Hyundai department store and Coex, so great for shopping as well. I'd definitely recommend for travelers! I appreciated to the hotel staffs and manager about the service mind to help me tracking the parcel which not come to me due to the courier made a mistake. They are so kind , every staffs relay informations to each other and could bring my parcel back in time. I could say that they do not ignore foreigner customers. Next time i will choose to stay here for sure. I was surprise that Hotel Peyto is close to.a branch of ProSiy Crab and i did not have to.travel far to the main branch to gave it. So to stay here for shopping ( Lotte and Hyundai Duty free is within walking distance) and lots of restaurant. It is so convenient. Very near COEX and the metro station. A lot of food around. Staffs were really very polite and helpful. My friends and I had a hard time getting a cab and they went all their way out to help us! There's 7-11 & McDonald's right beside the hotel too. Highly recommended. If you don't need anything fancy but Budget is the key, Choose this hotel in Gangnam. If Luxury is the most important and money is the not a factor then choose Intercontinental Parnas, across the street. This was my 8th time staying here and as always, the location and staff were great. It would be better though if they didn't set their check-in time so late at 3:00 pm. Close to Hyundai dept store, SM town, and subway station. Easy to find food and boutique around. Front desk speak pretty good English! Hotel next to the CALT pretty convenient,check in and drop baggage:)) Hotel room bigger than japan room ! Everything was nice As I had quite a few places in Seoul to visit, I had a long search process before I finally chose Hotel Peyto Samseong. And I was absolutely content with my decision. 1. Location, location. Depending on where you plan to hang out, there are difference options as to which transportation hub you want to choose. For me, I chose Gangnam-gu where my family and friends were located at. For my budget and cleanness I landed on Peyto Samseong, for its proximity to the City Air Terminal (You can check in for your flight and check your bags here for selective airlines.), 7 minute walk to Samseong subway station, etc. Also, there is a convenience store and McDonald's right next door both open for 24 hours where you can get early morning/late night snacks and convenience items. 2. Room size On my last day I stayed at another hotel nearby and found that Peyto Samseong offers a larger room for the similar budget. Check the sqft of the room, for some may not be big enough to open your suitcase. Located right next to the Intercontinental, this hotel has everything you want at an affordable price. Comfortable beds, amenities in the room, staff eager to serve. You will not regret your stay here. Really close to all the good attractions and public transportation. Great location! Opposite the bus terminal / airport in town check in and Hyundai Coex. Very close to Samseong train station. I got the single room for a night as I had an early morning flight the next day and was pleasantly surprised that it had full amenities like hairdryer, kettle, full set of toiletries, slippers and bath robe. Nothing fancy, reminds me of student accommodation in a good way. The bigger rooms look great in the photos. I may come back and get a bigger room if traveling with others! The single bed room is Excellent value for money Nothing to complain as everything is as GOOD as it is supposed to be. I love staying at this hotel. Everything was great. Price, location, and service. Super neat bathroom and kind staffs. Enjoyed the stay. Nice location and price” The friendliest staffs. ” Great Price & Location” 최고” 최고” 최고” Remarkable” Great hotel” Great location” Good location! ” Can't complain!” Excellent location” Thanky you for your service” Great hotel” Very good location” 최고” Excellent hotel” Near food shopping and transport” Nice modern hotel” Convenient hotel to stay ” Only takes 3 min from Samsung St. Excellent price and service. Best staffs. They are so friendly to foreigner. The location, price, & facilities can’t be beat... superb location, very clean rooms too. It is great location for shopping , restaurants, meetings and more. Great hotel clean and super nice staffs. Location is key as the hotel is situated across the street from the City Airport terminal. I'll definitely stay here again when I return to Seoul. Great value for the money. Stylish and clean. I will definitely stay again! It’s all about the location. The location was really good for travel between airport and hotel by using limousine bus 👍🏻 Also near by hotel you would be able to find everything. The room was a bit small than what I have expected but it was well arranged and enough for stay. Staff were nice, I have to sent some posted to the hotel and they was kindly kept that for me. I have a nice time there. Thanks Excellent hotel throughout! If you have any business or attending events in COEX, then this is an excellent hotel. Thanky you for your service Was a great hotel. Good location, many eateries around the area. Chanced upon a very good Italian food just a stone's throw away. COEX is just opposite, plenty of food and shopping. Train station is 5 mins walk away. Quite value for money considering prime location. No free breakfast. Good size room. Excellent location. Various modes of public transportation easily accessible. Rooms are kept very cleanly whenever we get back from our daily excursions. Staff are very approachable and accommodating Courteous staff. Near food shopping and transport! It’s all within 100m. Too bad the airport baggage check-in is close due to the pandemic, if not, it’s even better. Next to COEX and Hyundai Department Store where you can get almost anything you want. Nice modern hotel at a convenient location close to station and mall. Good location, convenient place to stay just opposite Coex mall . Parking is very expensive” Convenient and clean” Very good ” Good location business hotel” Great bang for your buck” good business hotel with good price” Located next to Coex ” 최고” 최고” 최고” 최고” Professional Staff & best location” Satisfied” 최고” Clean and modern hotel” Great hotel” 최고” Fun time” 최고” 최고” We stayed in Peyto Hotel for 8 nights. Everything was good except for parking fee. We just parked less than 5 minutes for putting our luggage on the car. However, we were charged around $3.00 for parking cost. It's quite unreasonable. Convenient location opposite coex mall , and there’s a fast food place next door. Modern and clean place. Front desk staff, cleaners, everyone was very kind. Thank you. Basic room located in Gangnam. Just opposite the Airport bus station so very convenient for travellers with early morning flights from Incheon Only letdown was the small gym, otherwise the hotel was a great deal in a great location. good location with good price. small room but enough. Good location if you are coming for Coex. 7-11 and macs just next door Very nice place Location to coex is less than 10mins However crib for baby cannot be adjusted Clean and comfortable room with convenient location! Best location to subway and Coex Excellent location. Good price It is best location in Gangnam area. Close to all kinds of restaurant and subway/bus station. Front desk staff was very professional and kind. Specially manager Mr. J. Park. I will stay again. Clean and comfy stay. I was travelling with my friend and we had a great stay here. Great location in the heart of Gangnam, many local restaurants, and closed to coex mall so it was convenient for us I have chosen this hotel due to close proximity to COEX and the airport bus terminal. However, for a tourist there is nothing much to see, do or eat in the area as it is more of a business district. The hotel is located really close to COEX and easy access to airport bus. Comfortable bed. the room is not too small which is great. 1. Hotel is near of Samseong station, just walk around 5 mins. 2. Room is small for solo and hard to open big luggage but perfectly facilitate. 3. Reception is nice 4. There is 7-11 at ground floor. 5. Price are reasonable for location, room and service. Great location, with 7elevn at the bottome of the hotel, and mcdonalds right next to the hotel. Also close to the train station plus coex mall being right across!!! Had an amazing time It was clean and very convenient location for a first time traveler in Korea. Definitely recommend this place. VERY CLOSELY COEX. AND SUBWAY STATION. EVERYTHING IS SO SO GOOD. 최고” LOCATION” Best place to stay” GREAT AND CONVENIENT HOTEL!” Excellent Location and Excellent Service” 최고” GOod” Great location and reasonable priced” close to COEX” Magnificent ” Good location for work” always pleased” Peyto Gangnam” Great Location and good service” 최고” clean and comfortable” Great experience” 최고” Reasonable choice for one night” good area” Location is good. Price is reasonable. The location is so Perfect it couldn't be any better. Across the street, COEX, City airport terminal, Hyundae department store Duty Free Shop are all 2-3 minutes away.Of course, the Hotel staff are all Friendly and the Room Cleanliness is very good. I 've been here before, but I want touse this place in the future. Everything was perfect, could not ask more! Thank you! Nice Staff, good location and excellent room. Simple business hotel, comfortable bed and great shower. Located in front of Coex. Airport shuttle is also a stone throw away. Staffs are also excellent. The hotel is clean. Staff are very helpful. The location is very good, just next to department store and Coex mall, and one stop from Jamsil Arena. Definitely will come back next time. Good The location is in a good area, the hotel also is not too demanding as other high end western hotels. There are many facilities and the rooms are good in the location nice and clean hotel. close to COEX. decent value for money as compared to the 5 stars hotels nearyby Not too big and not to small. It is very near COEX mall and the subway. It is a fantastic place to stay, very clean and the staff was great. Good hotel to stay with. Good for ppl who needs to be at COEX This is my usual hotel for events at COEX center. The staff is always friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and comfortable. Breakfast is good enough to start your day at the convention center. The neighborhood is also good - restaurants, coffee, bars, and COEX mall. IT has always been reliable. I have stayed at this Peyto Samseong location before. It is right opposite the Coex Airport City Terminal. Didn't realise that I booked at Gangnam branch instead. I must say that the trainee staff at Samseong branch was superb. Realising that we checked in at the wrong location on 12 May around 6 pm, she provided us with the correct address and allowed us to store our luggages for dinner nearby. Definite worth going back. Was impressed with the location and service at this hotel. great for a short stay. clean and spacious. just in front of CALT so it is easy to get to/from the airport. near COEX & samseong station. Would stay here again in the future! So close CALT Very convenient. There are lots of cafes, restaurants, and convenience stores. If you want to go shopping, just cross the street and there's hyudai department store and coex. It takes just 5 minutes, I think. All the staff were pretty nice and helpful. The location of the hotel is very nice. There are so many restaurants, small grocery stores and coffee shops around this area, including Hyundai department store and COEX mall. The staffs are very friendly and responsive. The room (we have taken the urban room) a little bit smaller than expected as well as a bad. The City Airport Terminal is in front of the hotel, you can take a limousine bus directly to the Incheon or Gimpo airports. Biz trip or short term stay ok... anywhere easy to go Nice, cozy, and authentic ” Good value for money.” 최고” Very nice hotel” Very nice hotel in a great location ” You pay for world-class excellence” Hidden gem in a quiet location” Riviera is a really good choice” oldies but goodies” Swiming everyday” I like to stay this hotel becauseswimming pool” Hotel meets expectations ” Good location” Fantastic staff” good value hotel” Good location ” Great” great” decent hotel” Great! but a little trek to subway” Rivera definitely is the place to stay a few nights if u wanna stay around Gangnam area. Located in the middle of the bustling city and Han river, Rivera offers variety of dine in options, clean beds, nice and friendly staffs, and cozy but luxurious vibes. COVID-19 procedure at Rivera was very sophisticated, safe, and trustable. hotel location is very good- Limousine bus stop ( from airport) is right in front of hotel; subway about 3-4 min walk from hotel; taxis readily available. The rooms are a good size and the housekeeping excellent , fantastic room service! It is my second stay at this hotel. and it will definitely not be the last! Good value for money. The staff is very helpful and professional at all times. Nice and convenient location. The hotel is clean and the rooms are quite big. Some good restaurants around the hotel (street at the back). Breakfast is a bit disappointed but there's some coffee shops and bakery around the hotel so good to go out. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Riviera. We were attending a wedding, and were happy with the location, and the ambience. Bathroom is pretty tight, but room size is adequate. Very clean, nice staff. This was my first trip to Seoul. The hotel was very nice, clean, and a great location. Easy access to transit, cafes, Coex mall. I have never experienced such professional and courteous service from any hotel. This was an excellent world-class experience and I recommend it to everyone I know. Everyone was friendly, helpful and best of all the room had an incredible view. Making this my go to Hotel in future The location is a bit away from the hustle and bustle which makes for a nice quiet place to stay after a busy day. The hotel is comfortable and the price is acommodating. Riviera is a really good choice, I stayed at the Riviera for almost 40 days it’s a top-notch hotel and close to mini mini things bars food other hotels medical facilities night clubs anything you need to take a taxi to somewhere else it is so easy the staff is easy to help thank you Riviera quite old facility but much more than i was expecting!! wanna visit there once again when have some time!! Thanks a lot!! I really like this hotel Staff is very kind almost everyone who worrks this hotel. I use swiming pool while i stayed When i need taxi they call for me Clean, good pric you can find everything near by Hotel meets expectation from photos and current reviews. Fair value for the price. I like this hotel because of swimming pool. Also good location So helpful and courteous. Very hospitable and accommodating. Will return! The positives: convenient location, nice lobby, tasty breakfast, helpful staff, economical price, early check in, free parking. The negatives: furniture in room needs to be renewed, bathroom needs updating, wall paper needs to be replaced. The hotel is well located near by COEX, easy access and convenient with coffee shops and restaurants walking distance Everything was great! Everything was great! Location was perfect in Cheongdam-dong. Clean and decent hotel for the price. about 10 min stroll to nearest subway great” It was such a good place!” Nice little staycation place” 최고” best buisness hotel” Worth it for the money” 최고” 최고” Good location ” 오래된 호텔이지만 관리도 잘되어있고 직원들도 친절해요” Best Location and Value for Money” Staff Excellence” 최고” Great” Worth to stay!” Very helpful” Highly recommend ” Nice Stay” Friendly staff” 최고” hi I thing you diffinetly had great servie Cheap! Convenient! Comfortable!! The Riviera is located near the Han River in Gangnam and is a good location for a staycation getaway. always good I love to stay there when I am visiting Gangnam Great bargain! excellent for businessman Good value Helpful staffs with friendly smiles, offers good restaurants with in the property It is aged hotel but well maintained. Staffs are kind and welcoming. The train station is nearby. Overall, I would definitely stay there again in my next visits. Glad to have stayed at hotel riviera because of its very good location and good room service. Very accommodating and responsive I liked my stay overall! Thank youuuuuu!!! The hotel was great. Near Coex Worth to stay. Big size room and very comfortable! Nearby Coex mall and Cheongdam area. Staff was so helpful on the phone Everything was great except spa was little bit expensive and no free gym. Staff was very kind and location was great. I will visit here next time I did enjoy my stay at the hotel. I have some business in Gangnam district, so it's quite convinient for me to stay at this hotel, bus stop is very close. However, U only can go to the hotel by Bus, no nearby underground. There's no problem for me coz I really enjoy going by bus. Staff was friendly, the hotel is clean but looked a bit older than I thought. Anyways nice stay. My power outlet did not match. They were professional and friendly. It was nice. Fodd was good too. My wife & I stayed at this 4-star hotel for 3 weeks & we love it. The hotel is very nice & conveniently located in a very nice area of Gangnam-gu, an expensive & trendy district in Seoul, South Korea. There's Cheongdam subway station only 5 min walk from the hotel & Konkuk University subway station is only 3 stops from it, where there are plenty of good food for everyone to enjoy. Highly reccommended. 최고” Great Experience ” good.” Good choice ” Very Good” Strongly recommended!” regular visits” Nice Clean Hotel in Seoul” Very pleasant stay” Good” Professional staff and good service” Pleasant stay” Very good Hotel” Very satisfactory stay” I was satisfied while I stayed in riviera.” Nice and comfort hotel” Riviera Hotel” Clean and comfy” Recommended in Chungdam” Good ” Verry Good !! The staff and the hotel itself was great. The bed was exceptional it felt like sleeping on clouds. Would definitely recommen. good. Clean and cozy Nice location swimming pool is the best I stayed at this hotel for one night on the way to China. Airport Limousine bus stop was right in front of the hotel. Staffs were very kind and room was very clean. The HANGANG river was so close. I have been staying at the Riviera for a number of years. It is convenient to where I work and I can count on creature comforts necessary when I need quiet for work and rest. Love having breakfast downstairs and the hotel staff is attentive and efficient. It is a nice convenient hotel, airport bus stops just infront of the hotel. All facilities are available Friendly staff Great location Comfortable bed Love to come back Good Very friendly atmosphere and nice location Very convenient with clean rooms. I like to stay here because it gives me a comfortable stay. Nice location Numerous visits in the past. Real five star quality. No train nearby though Everything Iwas good. I always stay here for my trip to Seoul. The staff is friendly and the room is comfortable and quiet big than others. The location is very nice and the staff is beyond amazing. Would definitely visit this place again. The room and the bathroom were very clean and were decent sized. Starting to notice rooms are aging since my more frequent visits in previous years. Yet, basically 5 star quality and great location near luxurious Chungdam Good enough Good” clean room and douceness ” Home away from home” it was a nice experience staying there” Good” Upscale, friendly staff, location ” 45” comfortable” great hotel” perfect trip” Seoul Hotel” Riviera Hotel” very good” comfortable” really good” relaxing, safety, clean environment ” good” Very good” Very efficient and very comfortable” Beautiful location for all the gang nam clubs” Decent size room, fantastic room service! some expansive breakfast and coffee High quality ,Professional staff, comfort, friendly atmosphere Thoroughly enjoyable, truly a home away from home. I have stayed in this hotel five times, and hope to again in the future. Perfect location, easy to everywhere location cleanliness and free wifi 5 star experience Good bar. Clean room. Good reception Good Great! Wonderful place to come home to after a long day of sightseeing Great! Love the pool & gym 190 good staff environment food it was pretty comfortable and good service awesome hotel hotel service, fast speed check in and out good service, nice area, big room Our stay was great the hotel was near coex and cheongdam, the hotel service was ok except hotel interiors were old Good location swiming pool, GYM room, good service I was really impressed with all the friendly receptionists, the delicious breakfasts, the clean and comfortable room and loved the colour changing shower lights!! I will be recommending this hotel to anyone that is visiting Seoul and wants a reasonably priced and friendly place to stay. staff, environment, food staying in the Riviera is wonderful. According to the hotel area, it was easy to organize business meeting. Good for stay if you want to go to play casino , and coex, nice pool Good and convenient , it 's main road easy to find taxi and air port bus stop is in front of hotel house keeping, friendly staff, good food it was very nice to stay in RIVIERA and it is suitable hotel for family trip and couple trip good service staff The best things of the hotel were the staff, location and clean rooms. The stay in the hotel was comfortable with a very good lobby and coffee bar in the lobby. the environment an decor was nice and comfortable and pleasing. Customer srvice, room and internet Ideally sutied for a business traveller. Clean, location, clubs Gorgeous hotel, close to the metro!” New hotel” Nice place ” Very deserved place” 최고” Best bang for your bucks!” AMAZING HOTEL IN THE HEART OF SEOUL (MAPO)” 최고” Great hotel, good location” new, clean, convenience, worth the price” Very near to mrt and airport bus ” Clean” Super new hotel” Nice and clean hotel” New hotel with walkable distance to gondeok” Good” Best hotel so far” Wish we booked here for the entire stay!” Great place ” Great experience!” My colleague and I were blown away at the aesthetic, ambience, and overall beauty of this hotel. The bathrooms are Japanese style including deep tub and shower room. It is conveniently located in Mapo, close to everything. The reason for our stay, was to hop on the VIPP DMZ tour at Gongbeok station, it was less than a 10 min walk from the hotel. I hope to stay here again soon! Lovely hotel in a busy neighborhood. Big super markets, subway station with 3 intersecting lines including airport line and diverse selection of restaurants in walking distance. It was very clean and every facilities are shining new. I heard the hotel was newly opened recently. Highly recommended! Good value! Clean and comfort The hotel is close to Mapo metro station which makes it easier to go to airport and any other places in the city center via T-Money card. The staff are really friendly and helpful with English Speaking. The room is clean and so user-friendly! With smart heating in the winter and cooling in the summer. Also there is a currency machine near the receiption desk which allows u to transfer from foreign Cush to Korean Cush. Everything is excellent and thanks for welcome! Super small room but super clean. Great location. In between Mapo and Gongdeuk station. Very close to popular areas like Hongdae & direct trains to Ittaewon and Myeongdong. Recommend! Great hotel! The hotel is situated between two stations that are less than 10 mins away. It’s very clean and ample room space. Love the bathroom as it’s separated with the bathtub and toilet. The only minor issue is the cab driver couldn’t find a drop off location since it’s a new hotel and situated near a main road with a lot of traffic. So he dropped us off by the coffee shop ( a twosome place) parking. Overall so far so good as we’re still here. Great location as it is next to the tube station & bus stops. Staffs are lovely & the room itself is outstanding! Stayed in several hotels around the area but the Roynet Hotel is the winner! Solid stay, especially considering the low night rental charge New hotel, everything was very new and well maintained! The room was a little small, but expected for the Seoul area. It was just nice for a solo traveller like me. My favourite was the toilet, with the Japanese layout of shower and bath in a room by itself. This made showering and then hopping into the bath super easy. Water did not leak under the doors and the floor outside was dry! Entire hotel was very high tech and I would definitely stay again! The location was walking distance to mapo station and another station which was in a few stops from Seoul station. The airport limo also stopped at a bus stop and taxi stand near the hotel, so going to and from the airport was very easy. It’s a new hotel in Mapo area which is not too far from Hongdae. Maybe a bit far from popular zones like Myeongdong, Dongdaemun or Gangnam but it’s still good for travelers looking for clean and comfortable room after walking for whole day. Everything in the room looks the same as in the pictures. However, 2 luggages might be too much for my room size. Very convenient for those who need airport bus at only kw18k per pax per way, just across the street. super convenient n near to the hotel, opposite the hotel have a lot eateries too. And near to godeok n mapo subway. Room is super clean and although not too big but space is well design which I feel is better than a lot of hotel with same price. New and clean hotel. Many hotels nearby. Mapo isn't tourist area but it was perfect for me. very clean and new, though the room is a bit small. Toilet facilities are very good. Towels, shampoo, tub, shower all very good Easy to access from airport , by airport bus. The hotel is new and clean and staffs are very nice. Not really downtown area but easy to access via subway. Pro: new hotel, big room, shower room and toilet are separated, close to train station, plenty of restaurants nearby Cons: need to take train/metro to tourist spots Good This is the best hotel I’ve stayed so far. 1.great location (5 minutes to bus stop and TWO subway line 2.staff is really friendly and professional 3. The facilities in the hotel is really good 4.delicious restaurant just downstairs of the hotel Absolutely LOVED this hotel! Everything was clean, location was very convenient, bathroom had a Japanese bidet so this was a huge PLUS. We will definitely book here again. Great place with great price Everything is good! good location” New hotel equipped with bathtub” Japanese style bathroom and washroom, good location, new decorated hotel” Great service ever!!” Recommend!” Bravo!” 최고” 10/10 would come back” very good value!” New and clean hotel in a great location” nice place will choose again” 최고” Good” Very good location and bathroom” Fantastic location and great facilities, pleasant surprises ” good location!” Love it” Compact room, nice location, nice service” Value for Money and Comfortable” 최고” between Mapo and Gongdoek station, direct train from ICN airport to Gongdoek station, or airport limousine stop at Seoul Garden Hotel. many nice restaurants around, nice staff and clean. Hotel is new, room is clean. Huge space in front of hotel bed for luggage packing. The toilet is a separate room from the powder room/ shower space. Location: between gongdaek and mapo station around 3-5 mins walk Room: newly decorated and clean Facilities: downstair a twosome cafe , Olive young, macdonald right across the road Location was good,all staffs are friendly all the time.Quick response as well Great value. Can't beat the location. Every single staff was super nice/kind/accessible. The room is surprisingly small though. You cannot fully open your luggage because there's no room for that. Recommend for travelers who want to enjoy Seoul but may not be suitable for people who want to relax & chill in the hotel room. Super good and clean . Location is great! Breakfast is great, need top up sgd 15 for a set meal. Clean and good location We had to book a last minute stay at Roynet Hotel due to a change of plans. We found a double deluxe room available for 3 nights and the price was discounted. The staff was great during check-in and check-out process. We needed to reserve a large taxi due to our amounts of luggage and they were able to do that for us. The room was spacious and clean. Bathroom was very large and modern. Very convenient to coffee shops, fast food, Eggdrop!, and a couple of very delicious restaurants. There is a nearby Seoullungtang place that is on the Michelin Guide and definitely a must-try. Definitely would love to stay here again if we come back to Seoul. clean, new, good location, one of best in west seoul The room is very new and clean. The location of the hotel is great, easy access to several metro lines and can go to most of the places. There are a lot of restaurants near the hotel. nice hotel good location good service will choose here again 👍🏻 Very nice place to stay Best 4 star hotel with great safety plan for travellers....so many fire extinguishers and escape route plan Near Gongdeok station exit 1 but the elavator is located at exit 2. You have to cross the road to go to the hotel. We really enjoyed the bathtub! Brand new facilities. Soundproof was ok. Provided 2 large towel. Cons: dust on the bed, pillow, sheets. Staff quite not understand English.(we asking for one more pillow in English but they don't even know what is "pillow" so we have to speak in Korean (google translate). Pillow is toooooo soft. Originally picked Roynet Mapo-gu due to the proximity to the metro, but I was also pleasantly surprised by all the facilities and technology available to us there. For example, the reception had auto check-in machines — a neat technologically advanced advantage compared to other hotels I've been to in Seoul. Then, I realised they also had an automatic money changer machine! I was initially worried about running out of KRW but that solved all my problems — especially because they accepted different currencies not just USD. The room was a little small, admittedly, but extremely clean with fresh linen and a comfortable bed. The electronically powered window was neat as well, ensuring safety of occupants who might want to open the window. Good desk setup with a comfortable chair for working. I must also commend the hotel for managing to smartly use the space to still accommodate a bathtub, and for their choice in fitting all bathrooms with best in class electronically powered toilets. Really felt more expensive than it actually was, and still very good value for money. Would definitely stay again. The hotel is good location and clean. Good The room is compact (not large but everything u need is there and placed well). nice location, on the 1st floor you'll get coffee shop, and its easy to travel using bus (bus stop is nearby). nice service, all the staff are friendly and able to help you in many things. I enjoyed my stay here. The bed is comfy and there's a huge tv, fridge, sofa chair, slippers, and the usual hotel facilities. I also love the toilet! The seat cover is automatic and there's also bath tub and strong shower head. It's also near 2 subways. Overall, enjoyed my stay and will choose Roynet again when I visit Seoul. The facilities, location and staff were exemplary, when we were required to move from one room to another Y M OH assisted us and went above and beyond. 최고” Friendly staff, cleanliness and good location” 최고” 최고” Wonderful” Great location, lovely hotel” Next to hangang ” Spacious room for reasonable bucks!” The Best facilities in Mapo” Great hotel - will visit again” A must breakfast ” Excellent!” 최고” Clean, comfy & great location” nice clean cheap” Excellent, well-equipped ” 5 star service!” 5 star service !” Great location” Shampoo and Conditioner” New hotel from a major Japanese hotel chain. Beautiful building, great location and cool neighborhood. The staff are friendly and able to speak English. Fast check in and out. The room is very clean and comfortable. But the pillow is too soft. The location is good. In between Gongdeok and Mapo Station. It is about 5 minutes walking distance. Overall very satisfied stay New and clean. Good price. good Our stay at Roynet Seoul Mapo was wonderful. Located between two stations, Gongdeok and Mapo, with a total of 4 different lines it was easy to get to our destinations. Room was spacious for two and bed was comfortable. The toilet’s a dream too. The staff were gentle, calm and friendly :) Would definitely stay here again. Very good location, close to my favourite coffee shop in all of Seoul - highly recommend checking out Fritz Coffee Company if you stay!! Room is nice and clean I will definitely stay here again when I go back to Seoul. It's so spacious and location is also really good. I highly recommend this hotel for staying on business or visitors. I will rebook this hotel when I stay in Seoul. Overall satisfied with this stay, would highly recommend! Besides all goodies you see on the picture, it has an amazing Korean traditional breakfast option on the 2nd floor. Ah did I tell you a separate loo? Extraordinary! Overall I am satisfied with everything during my stay. The room is spacious and clean. There is air purifier inside the room, very japanese room. :) Staff is very kind and helpful. Concierge staff helped to call for local restaurant reservation, and helped to call taxi to airport because we need to catch an early morning flight. Bus stop & train station are nearby. Staff was helpful and spoke english well. Coffee shop on the 1st floor. Bars & restaurants are across the street. Almost half the room are occupied by the bathroom; and i ain’t complaining about that. Room are spacious but they gave lots of chairs and small tables so it took some space and made it hard to open the luggage. Stayed for a wk at this hotel. V clean, comfy beds, crisp bedsheets. Being abl to also do my laundry directly was a big plus. Charged ₩10,000 (₩5,000 for wash ₩5,000 for dryer, laundry detergent included) Also liked the fact that I could open the window and ventilate the rm. Great location. Was able to get anywhere pretty easily via metro, bus and cab. There's a café on the ground floor, and plenty of places to grab something to eat nearby. Staff are helpful Location is good, airport bus stop is just 2mins walk for both ways subway station and bus station are not far as well hotel is new and clean, staff are very helpful Hotel room and amenities are well designed, and well equipped. The hotel has good attention to details to cater to the customer needs, I believe this is simply a Japanese (Roynet is a Japanese hotel) mindfulness for others + careful designs. The staffs are well-trained, and good in multiple languages. Great location Take bus 6015 from Incheon Airport, and get off at MAPO station, the hotel is right across the street! It's easy to access anywhere since it's located between Mapo and Gongdeok Station. Also numerous buses are in just 1-minute walk. Smart facilities & amenities Smart design to make the most of space in the room. You won't feel packed in a small room. Offering coin-operated washers and dryers, and even a microwave oven on 10th floor. WOW cleanliness & service No need to worry about the cleanliness. Really appreciate the delicate housekeeping team. They offered room-temperature bottled water when they noticed I always take out my bottles from the fridge. A beautiful lady from the frontdesk kindly helped to look for tableware when it's missing in my takeaway meal. Overall it's been a wonderful stay. Highly recommended for anyone looks for a chill stay at Seoul. Great location Take bus 6015 from Incheon Airport, and get off at MAPO station, the hotel is right across the street! It's easy to access anywhere since it's located between Mapo and Gongdeok Station. Also numerous buses are in just 1-minute walk. Smart facilities & amenities Smart design to make the most of space in the room. You won't feel packed in a small room. Offering coin-operated washers and dryers, and even a microwave oven on 10th floor. WOW cleanliness & service No need to worry about the cleanliness. Really appreciate the delicate housekeeping team. They offered room-temperature bottled water when they noticed I always take out my bottles from the fridge. A beautiful lady from the frontdesk kindly helped to look for tableware when it's missing in my takeaway meal. Overall it's been a wonderful stay. Highly recommended for anyone looks for a chill stay at Seoul. The location is perfect, close to both Gongdeok and Mapo staion. There are many restaurants and cafe’s around the hotel too. It was nice to have a bath in the room too! Shampoo and conditioner that hotel provide in the room is really good . After use it my hair was so soft and smooth . That make me really want to know whats brand that they use Excellent for reasonable price” Great place” Recommend this hotel” 최고” Probably the best option for right after landing / before flying out ” TOP NOTCH CLEANLINESS” just great!” Very comfortable!” Great spot” Great stay” Thank you” New, clean and convenient hotel ” 최고” Clean and new hotel” Worth the stay!” Incredible hotel” good hotel” Top class” All are good ” 최고” Highly recommend this hotel as one of the best I have ever stayed in Seoul. The location of the hotel is really good, located on the main street, easy to get to different areas of Seoul. Clean rooms, bathroom amenities and good service. The only thing is that there is no breakfast, but on the first floor of the hotel there is a Two someplace cafe, where there are salads, sandwiches and drinks, and there are small marts nearby, so you won’t stay hungry. In general, for such a price, I have never seen such a decent hotel in Seoul. I had gret time in Roynet and staff very friendly , thank you so much . I will back again next trip Clean, good location and love the bathroom. Bathroom is so spacious. everything is perfect except for the pillows, there are only 2 pillows while we are 2 pax. I’m not sure if we should have requested it but that’s the only thing. Other than that, I will book again with this hotel! Recommended! ;) A very clean and spacious hotel. Very conveniently located as well. It is in walking distance to Gongdeok train station, which is a station along the AREX all-stop line. We enjoyed our stay :-) We stayed here for two nights after landing in ICN and it was a great decision. Super easy to get to via the airport subway line, the area across the street from the hotel has a lot of restaurants that open late so we were able to grab late dinner and deserts after checking in. Room was clean, decent sized, but what sold me was the huge bathroom plus the shower room. Only random issue I had was a lack of shelves and hooks to hang clothes in the bathroom which seems easy to fix. Also this area is super close to sinchon / hongdae/ sangsu without the crowd which we definitely took advantage of. I’d stay here again. Have nothing much to say but the hotel is very clean. Housekeeping clean our room every day and change slipper, water, robe, towels for us. In addition, smart automatic toilet. The room is not that big but the design is nice, even have a tub and a shower, powder room... The only cons is a 5 mins walk to Metro station and 2-3mins to a bus stop. I am quite lazy and tired for a long day so it is a small cons from me. Really recommend this place cause i dont like to stay in crowded tourist area. highly recommend this newly built Japanese style hotel. location is great and the room is clean. breakfast was delicious. The hotel is very clean, with a huge and comfortable bed, ammenities are all there including coffee, tea, safe, and clean towels. And the staff are very lovely. The location isn't among the tourist areas, but not too far is the subway. There are plenty of nice cafes and eateries around the area. Located in between two subway stations and across the street from a bus stop. There are a lot of food options across the street. Hotel room was brand new and there was a washer/dryer downstairs. Each room has a bidet as well. Perfect for what we needed! Would stay again. Great new hotel with affordable price and with all possible facilities Roynet Hotel Seoul Mapo is a new hotel with modern Japanese atmosphere, easy access to Mapo or Gongdeok Station, Subway Line 5, Airport Bus 6015. I and my friends love it's twin bedroom (bed is quite big for one person). Our room is neatly clean everyday. Large bathrooms, equiped with auto control systems, a convenient bathtub, hot water could make relax after daytrip. We could keep luggages save at hotel whenever arrive earlier prior to check-in time, even check-out but your flight is at late evening. The Korean staffs are very friendly and helpful, since we asked staffs to assist calling to local restaurant for a reservation. We enjoy staying in this hotel and definitely be back for next visit and recommend to freinds. New hotel, great location (close to Mapo Station) and amenities and facilities are very new and clean. One drawback is that because it is new, most taxis don't know where it is, so get the address ready. Also I read parking is not free even for guest - 참고해 주세요. Hotel is new and has great service. Amenities and facilities are new and rooms are very clean. Note that the lobby is on the third floor and there is no round about drop off point. Strategically located in between Maps station and Gongdeok station. We were able to store our luggage at the hotel when we arrived much earlier. We preferred to walk to the hotel from Mapo station as we felt that it is much nearer and lesser traffic junctions to cross. If you are coming from Gongdeok station with luggages, it helps to go towards exit 2 and take the lift instead of taking exit 1. There is a cafe at the building of the hotel. It's a pity that there is no convenience store within the hotel building, but there are many convenience stores which are of walking distance. We loved the interior of the room, the softness of the mattress, the in-room amenities, and the toilet/shower room! Everything was perfect. Thank you! The hotel is amazing! The location is very convenient, you can get to anywhere you want from the hotel. The staff is very kind and ready to help with any question. The room was clean and spacious. Highly recommend everyone this place, to make your visit in Seoul more pleasant! , with laundry, good location , nice staff, close to subway clean room, fast internet Honestly, I would stay here again next time as it’s squeaky clean and new for the same price you have to pay for those myeongdong hotels. If you travel alone and don’t have a lot of tours where you have to meet at specific metro exits, it is definitely best to choose here. Staff were nice. Location is great which is only 3 mins walk to the Mapo subway station. However there are only two treadmills and 2 cycling machines in the gym but no weights at all. Overall a good hotel to stay. Best customer service we’ve experienced! The front desk helped us book our bus tickets online since the website are all in Korean and a Korean mobile number is needed. The staff were very very helpful. Rooms and facilities are all clean and new. Bathroom is spacious compared to standard Korean bathrooms. Location is excellent. Would definitely stay here again!
free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl bed free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttle free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free  shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed help free shuttl bed free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl free shuttl bed help free shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl shuttl