보통” Advertise and purchase are not the same” 무난함” Very very bad experience!!” staff not as what they should be” Very bad service and no cleanliness at all” Best place for feeling like home ” One of good place for convenient at Seoul city center” Maximum 3 star hotel” Don’t stay” 보통” 무난함” Not worth it” Overal Condition” Ok” Horrible experience ” Smoky stench in a non-smoking room” A very ordinary hotel” Good location” Location was great but facilities was disappointing” The room was dusty and there was a bug in my room. In Agoda it is mention free breakfast but when I check it is not include, as a vip for Agoda I don't think I am getting what is promise Inconsiderate management , place basically shuts down at 10pm no room service after that . No water in the rooms just a horrible atmosphere not air conditioned room , so hot older equipment no USB Power Slow Wifi , only 30MB network speed they are not cooperative. refuse to help us canceling the reservation made by mistake. not recommend this hotel at all. The location is really good but the staff is not very help and friendly. Most important the room services is like no services at all! Never even vacuumed the carpet only changed towels and fold bedsheets that’s all! Good location but bad room service Central location convenient for excesses best places stay recommended for all the tourist Clean nice hotel near Seoul city hall. Food good, but one thing bothered me room lights so dimmed. Need more brighter Not 4 star hotel, just one thing is excellent is location. Never I will recomend this hotel to others. The room has no air conditioning! The rooms are very stuffy! Security safe does not work! Staff don’t care and are rude! I checked out early! Not much facilities for holiday makers. Refrigerator and air conditioner had leaking problems. The basin and bath tub had drainage problems. The safe was not usable. Luckily, engineers came and fixed some of the Lobby was extremely dated, room was not in the best condition. Dont expect much hospitality from the front counter staff. Room size was great. Too Old. ok I have no words to describe how unclean and dirty this hotel is... They replaced my bedsheets with blood stained sheets. I felt disgusted went down to the lobby and showed them the picture. They only said We're sorry we will change your sheets again. Really??? Ugh I have never experienced this kind of service!!!!!!!! The location was not really convenient as its a good 20 min walk and have to cross over to Myeondong Shopping Location,through an underpass from Lotte Young Plaza side, located on the side of the President Hotel. The room has a smoky smell either through the central aircon that circulates the tobacco smell from other guest smokers or its from previous guests who smokes in the room, thats my guess! The breakfast selection is the same far the 3 days I have stayed there,not much of a selection. The location is good, but the public transport in Seoul is excellent so that hardly matters. There were stains on the carpet, the toilet was blocked and it took 2 attempts (two days) to fix it. At the end it was still far from perfect, but gave up on it. There is no pool. The breakfast is very average. The staff could not advise on a good nearby restaurant. Otherwise (!) it was ok. Good location but little expensive During our stay from 4-7May17, we checked in at 2pm and was told that there was no air con for the week, thus we had to keep windows opened. It was quite warm in the afternoon and no wind on that day and night. That night was also quite warm for sleeping. Fortunately, the 2nd and 3rd night were windy. We were not told of this before hand, if so, we will probably change hotel. This has made us quite unhappy. Out of the 3 rooms we booked, 1 room was not ready for check in at the checked in time given. One of the phone's button in the room was not working thus unable to call Room to Room. However, they did rectify the issue immediately which was good. The amenities in the toilet were not in full range for a 4-star hotel. The shampoo, bath gel were not satisfactory. Carpet was old and dirty. The location was indeed great as it was between 2 train station (city hall & Eujilro 1) Nearby Lotte shopping and walking distance to Myeondong. Not so Happy Stay with President” Poor performance of staff” The hotel seems very old in every where” Standard Hotel” Unhelpful staff” satisfactory” Bad” Need to improve” The room had a musty or mildew smell. The carpet needed replacement. The smell of the drapes was as if they hadn't been washed in some time. Although it was a non-smoking room, clearly someone had bee” Just okay.” poor customer relationship service ” Good location ” Perfect location and comfort” Old prefab chesp hotel” Unhappy” 3 month stay” Centrally located, disgusting rooms!!” Okay hotel, but still go to other one.” Good Location, but old rooms ” Very poor qualityn strategic location ” I booked at President Hotel for 4 nights but I was disappointed with the service due to the following: ROOM - small, untidy, and the carpet is too old FRONT DESK ATTENDANT - they charge me for my request of toiletries like shaving kit, toothpaste, toothbrush, etc. (During on our 1st day, I requested for that and asked if it's free and the housekeeping told that it is FREE) The only good to this hotel is the location. Nothing more to add. The location was great. But the hotel room that I got was different from the one in the agoda website. The bathroom was not renovated. The noise between rooms was awful. I was able to hear other guests talking in the room adjacent to mine. Their conversation and TV programs. I complained, but did not get satisfactory response from the staff. Also at 9:30 PM, I heard a noise from the ceiling and called the front desk. They did reply to me that people are rearranging tables for a morning banquet the following day. But the noise did not stop. I don't think it is a quality to be expected of a five-star hotel. Somehow the staff is less than professional in my standard. The hotel lobby was disorganized. This hotel needs a revision in management. Water from the shower nozzle is unstable. And the bathtub leaving soap from last person Good Location and acceptable cleanliness With that much luaggage, one should help us bring up, service was not what I expected, is bad . nice hotel Bad the AC/heater in the rooms are needed to be replaced. the carpet must be replaced Already did so. The lounge, location, elevators The room was okay. The attitude of the attendant during check in leaves something to be desired. Not friendly nor welcoming at all! Near subway, spacious room Check in hotel without any greet nor smile. All I had was inform of passport for check in and advise us on room number. Had stay there for 7nights, room air-conditioning was unable to adjust temperature. Inform the manager but they mention they can't do anything about it which a 4star hotel can't do anything??? Think There are protest outside of the street and loud speaker lasted almost whole day. Hotel didn't check or inform us if the noise might affect the guest even we stayed 15 floor we could hear the sound. Staff not friendly nor approachable. The only worth of stay was the room was spacious either than that I can't give any reason to stay there again. 1.prompt front desk service Location, costumer service location it was very noisy. Even i can hear some weird sound that seemed like made by some sort of sexual intercourse. Toilet looks really cheap with prefab walls and bath tub. I wont use here again Location, staff, Very unhappy we were placed in a smoking room when I have children with me. Rooms are stinky. Lobby was clean. Rooms are a decent size. Affordable The lobby was very clean, however I feel like the rooms aren't up to par with the overall look of the hotel. The location was good. Near coffee shops. Myeongdong shopping wasn't too far away probably about a 10 minute walk. Very close to the Lotte plaza (right next door). The employees are respectable however don't expect a high class service. Not many speak English so it was hard to get directions or recommendations to places. There are maps and brochures in the lobby. Location, Friendly staff Located in a great part of the city, but that is the only value of it. The inside of the room is in need of a major renovation. The carpet is nasty, there are stains everywhere! It made me feel disgusted; I wore my shoes the whole time. The room smelled of smoke. The wooden furniture had water stain all over it. I don't recommend this and wouldn't stay here again. location, location, location location and room view Not as good as I was expecting. Very old room, including the bathroom. But location was good. location Very poor service and interrior,sterategic location..  蹂댄넻??Advertise and purchase are not the same??臾대궃?ⓥ?Very very bad experience!!??staff not as what they should be??Very bad service and no cleanliness at all??Best place for feeling like home ??One of good place for convenient at Seoul city center??Maximum 3 star hotel??Don?셳 stay??蹂댄넻??臾대궃?ⓥ?Not worth it??Overal Condition??Ok??Horrible experience ??Smoky stench in a non-smoking room??A very ordinary hotel??Good location??Location was great but facilities was disappointing??The room was dusty and there was a bug in my room. In Agoda it is mention free breakfast but when I check it is not include, as a vip for Agoda I don't think I am getting what is promise Inconsiderate management , place basically shuts down at 10pm no room service after that . No water in the rooms just a horrible atmosphere not air conditioned room , so hot older equipment no USB Power Slow Wifi , only 30MB network speed they are not cooperative. refuse to help us canceling the reservation made by mistake. not recommend this hotel at all. The location is really good but the staff is not very help and friendly. Most important the room services is like no services at all! Never even vacuumed the carpet only changed towels and fold bedsheets that?셲 all! Good location but bad room service Central location convenient for excesses best places stay recommended for all the tourist Clean nice hotel near Seoul city hall. Food good, but one thing bothered me room lights so dimmed. Need more brighter Not 4 star hotel, just one thing is excellent is location. Never I will recomend this hotel to others. The room has no air conditioning! The rooms are very stuffy! Security safe does not work! Staff don?셳 care and are rude! I checked out early! Not much facilities for holiday makers. Refrigerator and air conditioner had leaking problems. The basin and bath tub had drainage problems. The safe was not usable. Luckily, engineers came and fixed some of the Lobby was extremely dated, room was not in the best condition. Dont expect much hospitality from the front counter staff. Room size was great. Too Old. ok I have no words to describe how unclean and dirty this hotel is... They replaced my bedsheets with blood stained sheets. I felt disgusted went down to the lobby and showed them the picture. They only said We're sorry we will change your sheets again. Really??? Ugh I have never experienced this kind of service!!!!!!!! The location was not really convenient as its a good 20 min walk and have to cross over to Myeondong Shopping Location,through an underpass from Lotte Young Plaza side, located on the side of the President Hotel. The room has a smoky smell either through the central aircon that circulates the tobacco smell from other guest smokers or its from previous guests who smokes in the room, thats my guess! The breakfast selection is the same far the 3 days I have stayed there,not much of a selection. The location is good, but the public transport in Seoul is excellent so that hardly matters. There were stains on the carpet, the toilet was blocked and it took 2 attempts (two days) to fix it. At the end it was still far from perfect, but gave up on it. There is no pool. The breakfast is very average. The staff could not advise on a good nearby restaurant. Otherwise (!) it was ok. Good location but little expensive During our stay from 4-7May17, we checked in at 2pm and was told that there was no air con for the week, thus we had to keep windows opened. It was quite warm in the afternoon and no wind on that day and night. That night was also quite warm for sleeping. Fortunately, the 2nd and 3rd night were windy. We were not told of this before hand, if so, we will probably change hotel. This has made us quite unhappy. Out of the 3 rooms we booked, 1 room was not ready for check in at the checked in time given. One of the phone's button in the room was not working thus unable to call Room to Room. However, they did rectify the issue immediately which was good. The amenities in the toilet were not in full range for a 4-star hotel. The shampoo, bath gel were not satisfactory. Carpet was old and dirty. The location was indeed great as it was between 2 train station (city hall & Eujilro 1) Nearby Lotte shopping and walking distance to Myeondong. Not so Happy Stay with President??Poor performance of staff??The hotel seems very old in every where??Standard Hotel??Unhelpful staff??satisfactory??Bad??Need to improve??The room had a musty or mildew smell. The carpet needed replacement. The smell of the drapes was as if they hadn't been washed in some time. Although it was a non-smoking room, clearly someone had bee??Just okay.??poor customer relationship service ??Good location ??Perfect location and comfort??Old prefab chesp hotel??Unhappy??3 month stay??Centrally located, disgusting rooms!!??Okay hotel, but still go to other one.??Good Location, but old rooms ??Very poor qualityn strategic location ??I booked at President Hotel for 4 nights but I was disappointed with the service due to the following: ROOM - small, untidy, and the carpet is too old FRONT DESK ATTENDANT - they charge me for my request of toiletries like shaving kit, toothpaste, toothbrush, etc. (During on our 1st day, I requested for that and asked if it's free and the housekeeping told that it is FREE) The only good to this hotel is the location. Nothing more to add. The location was great. But the hotel room that I got was different from the one in the agoda website. The bathroom was not renovated. The noise between rooms was awful. I was able to hear other guests talking in the room adjacent to mine. Their conversation and TV programs. I complained, but did not get satisfactory response from the staff. Also at 9:30 PM, I heard a noise from the ceiling and called the front desk. They did reply to me that people are rearranging tables for a morning banquet the following day. But the noise did not stop. I don't think it is a quality to be expected of a five-star hotel. Somehow the staff is less than professional in my standard. The hotel lobby was disorganized. This hotel needs a revision in management. Water from the shower nozzle is unstable. And the bathtub leaving soap from last person Good Location and acceptable cleanliness With that much luaggage, one should help us bring up, service was not what I expected, is bad . nice hotel Bad the AC/heater in the rooms are needed to be replaced. the carpet must be replaced Already did so. The lounge, location, elevators The room was okay. The attitude of the attendant during check in leaves something to be desired. Not friendly nor welcoming at all! Near subway, spacious room Check in hotel without any greet nor smile. All I had was inform of passport for check in and advise us on room number. Had stay there for 7nights, room air-conditioning was unable to adjust temperature. Inform the manager but they mention they can't do anything about it which a 4star hotel can't do anything??? Think There are protest outside of the street and loud speaker lasted almost whole day. Hotel didn't check or inform us if the noise might affect the guest even we stayed 15 floor we could hear the sound. Staff not friendly nor approachable. The only worth of stay was the room was spacious either than that I can't give any reason to stay there again. 1.prompt front desk service Location, costumer service location it was very noisy. Even i can hear some weird sound that seemed like made by some sort of sexual intercourse. Toilet looks really cheap with prefab walls and bath tub. I wont use here again Location, staff, Very unhappy we were placed in a smoking room when I have children with me. Rooms are stinky. Lobby was clean. Rooms are a decent size. Affordable The lobby was very clean, however I feel like the rooms aren't up to par with the overall look of the hotel. The location was good. Near coffee shops. Myeongdong shopping wasn't too far away probably about a 10 minute walk. Very close to the Lotte plaza (right next door). The employees are respectable however don't expect a high class service. Not many speak English so it was hard to get directions or recommendations to places. There are maps and brochures in the lobby. Location, Friendly staff Located in a great part of the city, but that is the only value of it. The inside of the room is in need of a major renovation. The carpet is nasty, there are stains everywhere! It made me feel disgusted; I wore my shoes the whole time. The room smelled of smoke. The wooden furniture had water stain all over it. I don't recommend this and wouldn't stay here again. location, location, location location and room view Not as good as I was expecting. Very old room, including the bathroom. But location was good. location Very poor service and interrior,sterategic location.. Not impressed??The rooms were so dim it was driving everyone crazy. I didn?셳 expect the rooms to be big and thank goodness my expectations were low (I knew the pictures were stretched and taken in certain views to make it seem like they were okay). And the breakfast was really disappointing. The quality and choice of food was very low. No fresh fruit, only a couple of canned fruit. Very scanty servings of sausage and bacon and they didn?셳 refill it. And a fan that ran 24/7 and there was no switch to turn it off. Oh and the staff at the front counter needs to be trained on what a hotel service should be. One female staff was quite rude and when I walked up, both female staff didn?셳 greet me and expected me to wait until they were done looking at their monitors. Seriously? How hard is it to say, ?쐆ello please wait and i?셪l be right with you.??Other than the location, the overall experience wasn?셳 good. Like a budget airline??Beautiful view ??Too many people from 1st of Aug.??PRE BOOKED FOR EARLY CHK IN - RM NOT AVAIL UPON ARRIVAL??臾대궃?ⓥ?Pictures posted on Agoda is misleading??Due to ongoing construction a lack of a larger room on upper floors was encountered. ??worst??good location old rooms??old and small room even club rooms??Needs better management??Lousy location??Nice and romantic??the view and the ice skiing at the pool is great ??Large hotel that could do with a refresh??Nice facilities but far and expensive ??Small room even club floor??An overpriced location??Business place for people with money to burn??This was my favorite hotel in Seoul before. But it seems like they are reducing the sticker cost and nickeling & diming for additional services that normally are included. I would prefer they raise the price and include everything to maintain a standard of quality that is usually expected from a Grand Hyatt. Very disappointing. Room was not cleaned well and was missing items, the robe was ripped, and facilities were very limited. Its fine if it is limited, but they should announce that before the reservation. Beautiful view, hotel is rich in history but room seems abit run down. I am not so sure that Hayatt is always like this or only during this vacation season. You should book to go to the pool only once a day and usually you can not be booked even though u call. I visited many hotels wverywhere in the world and even in Korea. But I have never had this experience that u can not go to the pool without booking even though you stay at the hotel. Maybe this happens only during Aug. I recommand not to visit Hayatt because you feel like you are in the busy airport and you won?셳 feel like under vacation at all. We had paid full for 6 nights including pre book the night before for early check in but upon arrival our room was not ready. Front desk staff said we are given free breakfast to wait but the breakfast place closes at 10.00am and we were there at 9.47am. Grand Hyatt what exactly do you want us to do despite paying full for pre paid a room the night before for early check in after traveling overnight + 1.5 hour car ride from airport to hotel and our room is still not avail. Just by giving us "free breakfast" (that already closes upon our arrival) suffice for remedy? Used cotton swabs on the trash bin, no laundry bag, room not sound proof. The only good thing is it offers a nice view at night Pros - area is nice have great cafes and restaurants. Cons - not recommended for elderlies as the hotel is up on a hill with very steep slope, one needs to be physically fit to be able to walk up and down the slopes. Pictures of room on agoda and hotel website uses wide angle hence will look bigger than it is. There 's a gap as to the expected level of services once you arrive . Always check first since there is a tendency to overpromise and underdeliver as we are experiencing with this hotel . terrible old small rooms but good location need improvement 30 minute wait at check-in, "upgraded" to City view when rather have had the mountain view than the roof of the dining area, no luggage service so left to drag cases over temporary carpet to lift area, pre-fab box room and old bath area with trip hazard. Bad enough to check out a day early with no refund. Never again... Room small and lousy location Good service facility, food, settle bus the view, the food and the ice skiing area is great, but the room is a bit old. swimming pool area gives a great view across a mediocre city This is one of the few premium brand hotels in Seoul and occupies a great location within the city. However it has clearly been here for many years and the rooms are clearly in need of a refresh. The pool area however gives a great view across the city and the proximity to the park gives you many opportunities to explore. Not what I would expect from a Hyatt but within Seoul there are not too many better places to choose from. Nice views and facilities Hotel was very busy but check in was speedy. Room was spacious however not very clean as we had bugs in the shower. I had business meetings in the lobby and found the cost of coffee very high for a coffee!! Overall location was not convenient as we had to catch taxi everywhere. Only plus was gym was extensive. Nice view living at club floor, overall, hotel room is relatively lower than my expectation. without any complimentary internet services, but have to pay for the internet for every minutes, which is completely unexpected to me. beside, the lounge is extremely small in size, not enough seats, and every seats and tables is much smaller than mcdonald; you have to expected only coffee and tea provided during most of the time, and you have very limited choice for your breakfast. Standard proceedings for a high class hotel Just about everything is rip-off in this place To say the least, I was quite disappointed with my stay in the Hyatt. The staff is professional, also the room was comfortable, but that was it. The room was advertised with 30 m짼, but it appeared quite small, so I measured and came across 3.8*7.0 considering the lost space for the technique behind the tiny bathroom it comes closer to 26 m짼. If you need to use the dental and shaving kit, you better get it on the small GS supermarket on the right when leaving the Hyatt grounds, unless you don?셳 care to be charged another 33.000 Internet is charged with 25000, and in a similar range are the VOD. I was charged 10000 for internet, but then I was online for 15-20 minutes only. Although the Hyatt was one of the only hotels available last weekend, I did not book as I consider it as a rip-off place not worth staying. From it?셲 location it?셲 possible to walk down to Itawon, but then again others are closer, and a better deal too. Beautiful view of Seoul, especially at night. Room fair for a 5 star hotel. Food is very expensive and not very good for the price on premise Cup of tea was $7.00. We spent two nights at the Hyatt. Room was small. Shower, but no bath tub. Internet access to the room was $25 per day. Location was away from other areas of interest, but close to the North Tower. Staff and cleanliness was 5 star quality. Shuttle bus (KAL) was good for $14 apiece and takes about 70 minutes. Not a good value and nothing but the view of the city was noteworthy. It's okay, but not the best experience??蹂댄넻??Good. Economic.??Loud construction ??Not clean??蹂댄넻??not friendly staff, messy constructions around, distance to reach metro or busy areas??roach infested.??Noisy, non-secure, dirty??Absolutely awful ??Bad service??臾대궃?ⓥ?Wrong location Wrong ??agora reservation failed and hotel reception disfunction??蹂댄넻??NOT for families, but could be a good choice for business travelling. ??Needs a lot of improvement??Decent hotel??臾대궃?ⓥ?Have to agree that the bed is very very comfortable, but staff attitude and willingness to support weren't the best I've experienced. Also, gym is very small (don't even have a barbell) so if you are a person enjoying workout on regular basis, do not expect too much. The hotel location is not the best you can have. Besides, the electricity in the room is weird. Couldn't turn on the tv or boil water. I reported the problem to the hotel every day but they didn't arrange to change a room for me until the third night. just what I expected for the price. I like the brand and have stayed at other sites before. This one is surrounded by construction on almost all sides so it is noisy in the mornings. I asked for a quiet room, but this made no difference. Wouldn?셳 stay here until the building works are completed... Not clean and old. So much mold in the bathrooms. Had to change my room day one cause there was urine marks on the toilet lid. Majority of the guests were couples that were renting out the room for day use. Heard furniture banging through the walls and ceiling. I booked thinking it was a business hotel but it felt like I was staying in a love hotel/motel. Thankfully staff were nice. Would not stay here again. A little disappointed with the customer service. Gave us the wrong room and refused to change it when we arrived. Won?셳 be staying here again. Staff not very helpful. There are couple constructions just next to hotel, the air, noise and road condition are pretty bad. Room space is not comfy, showering and drinking water always missing from daily room make-up. It's not worthy as its claimed 4 stars. Not recommended here Found a gigantic Japanese cockroach crawling on a wall. Caught it and brought it to the front desk. The manager offered me $40 and a free meal. If you are not used to seeing a big roach near your bed, beware. It?셲 too noisy by a construction site next by the building. Less facilities due to COVID-19. Bathroom wasn?셳 cleaned perfectly. I could hear some guy in the next root was moving chairs and put something into the closet. The first room I got was dim, damp and very small. When I asked for another room, I was told (or reprimanded) by the manager that I cannot change my room a second time. The second room was brighter but had a terrible smell as there was something wrong with the drain and the bath tub handles were coming off. The smell was so rancid and pervasive I felt nauseous but could not change my room due to the policy of only changing your room once. I discovered upon check out that it was possible to change the room after all. It was just that manager being rude qnd patronising. I noticed she also doesnt even bother looking at guests as they are checking in but talks to the computer screen in front of her. It was a horrible and uncomfortable stay and I do not recommend this hotel to anyone. Bad service Staff were not helpful. Have to ask multiple times for blankets and towels. Just overall not helpful or accommodating. Rooms were mediocre. Pictures are not accurate they have only 2 slow elevators. You will need 6~10min to just to get down to the lobby. it stops every floor. worst I made a reservation for two room with the same name by Agora site and one room and the receptionist said one room was not even listed in the system so I had no way to check in to the hotel last night. Agora site called me today saying that hotel says I didn;t check in. What is happening in this system between Agora and Shilla Stay? In the end they said they will refund my payment but imagine how you would feel if you had no place to stay in the city? Please make sure your name is saved correctly ( I did though) and be cautious if you don't get the confirmation email( they only said if you don't cancel the reservation the payment will be proceed after a certain day) What an experience! The bed was comfortable but they need to change all their towels. The towels were so old and they were not white. As a mother of two children under age 5, the room condition and facilities did not meet my expectation, although I might have anticipated it. Especially the morning buffet was disappointing, since I love the restaurant in Yeoksam branch, and I had expected similar quality. It was really difficult to feed my children among the crowded hall as a mom with not much of menu options. However, I could recommend this place to business or single travellers searching for budget rooms. The rooms are small, but clean and the staffs were accommodating in general. The reason why I chose this hotel is because of the name Shilla which is a five star hotel in Korea with good reputation. However, I would have to say Shilla stay is a totally different level with many disappointments. 1) Rooms are not cleaned thoroughly. Corners, below the bed tables, cabinets were dusty with hairs that shows the room are not cleaned properly. 2) Hotel staff Hotel staff charged to my credit card when the payment was already made through Agoda. When she asked for my credit card, I asked her to ensure that it is only for security deposit purpose and she said yes but eventually she charged to my credit card. 3) Room cleaning switched "clean up my room" button in the morning but found it was not cleaned after returning back in late afternoon. What really pissed me off is the way staff handles this kind of issue with giving non-sense excuses. Sincere apology and gesture showing that they made a mistake would make things different which didn't happen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! There are many other hotel options that are really better locations in this area. AC didn?셳 work and staff had no answers to address the problems. Bed was comfortable. Shower was decent. Shower stall smelled moldy. No USB outlets in room which are generally standard in most modern hotels. Not near subway stops. Nearby restaurants were good. Breakfast not included. If details don?셳 bother you, then hotel is good value for money. Need change new towel 蹂댄넻??Awful house keeping ??Potentially great hotel only let down by short-sighted management policy??Not good. ??Disappointed with our most recent stay??蹂댄넻??Not Recommended??Room is not clean??Not Bad??So loudly??No airconditioning!!??bad services??Ask for alternative options when you use Taxi Reservation from Front Desk??Found hairs on sheets the very first day??I didn?셳 get room cleaned for few days. The housekeeper left the paper that says call front desk if I need amenities. I didnt pick up the paper at the door quickly because I had other occasion at the moment. She took away the paper like one hour later. I notified it to staff. Next day I was looking for housekeeper to give trash bag near the housekeeping room for their convinience, the housekeeper just ignored me intentionally and walked away. I told to front desk along with the fact that the bed smelled body lotion when I checked in the hotel. Female staff replied bluntly with no concern or any understanding and tried to finish conversation while I am talking. I had to explain again to other staffs. From the beginning, the housekeeper handed me things without even looking at me with annoying face, but I was nice to her. I felt uncomfortable while staying there and was sick when I got out of the hotel. The housekeeper was really mean girl. However, other staff was very kind and helping. During our 10 days of staying, our beddings have Not been changed at all. In fact I found blood marks on my bedsheet. One day house keeper forgot to give us new towels so there wasn't any towel in our bathroom when we came back to hotel in the evening. They don't seem to vacuum the room during my stay either. Also i notice anyone can enter hotel pretty easily ( hotel lobby is on 8th floor and you dont need to see them usually and go to different floors) so i am concerned about security. One night a stranger ( a man with glasses) kept ringing a bell. I asked him who he is and he didnt answer and kept ringing. He tried to open our room door. Eventually i opened the door slightly with chain lock on and spoke to him in korean who he was and he repeated what i said and pissed off! I was a bit scared afterwards in case someone was watching me. Only positive point is the location. I am not sure if i would stay at shilla stay again. 諛?泥?냼 嫄곗쓽 ?덊븿 ?대텋留??뺣━ 10?쇨컙 踰좊뵫 ?쒕쾲???덈컮爰쇱쨲. ???援먰솚??鍮쇰㉨??Hotel GM, this review is for you: I arrived at the hotel at around 11am. I was told check in is from 2pm and I could only check in early if I paid extra for it (equivalent to half a night's stay). I get the hotel is in the business of renting rooms, however: 1) the room is sitting empty between 11am and 2pm, and there is zero additional cost to the hotel of me checking in early (it's not like they can rent it to someone else). It's also not going to delay anyone else's check in (as late check out might do); and 2) I was staying at this hotel for a total of 8 nights! So, congratulations GM! you've made an extra $50 (or whatever it was), but you've also just scored a very negative review. I stayed a total of 8 nights in late December 2019. 4 nights in a double (which I preferred), and 4 nights in a twin (there were no doubles available). The double has a proper shower, the twin has a bath/shower combo. The double is a much better room. Some receptionists in Korea were not kind. But one particular manager was really kind, even though I was really late for breaky time the manager in charge really cared for our family and allowed us to come in despite we were late. We appreciated his kindness. Family room (triple share) was smaller than my previous stays and I have been staying here for years so I know exactly what is the regular room size. However I needed to remind them when I checked in yesterday as I was away for one night in jeonju. Only then they gave the room size I had been getting all this while. The room was terribly dusty, some dirt on the inside of the windows and wallpaper. And I also found someone's socks behind the sofa. Not a nice experience with cleanness during the pandemic... Won't stay here again. The only good thing about this place is the location. Everything else was disappointing - bad service (for example, they wouldn't allow a slightly early check-in even though they had available rooms and we had a sick child), tiny rooms, poor design in the rooms (for example, if you slide open the bathroom door while someone is getting something from the closet, the door will hit them), almost no amenities, no mini bar, etc. It's totally bare bones and does not live up to the Shilla name. Not worth the money. We also left with a lot of bug bites. :( I found a girl hair pin in my room....so scary Done The location is very good. However, the room was very small and the fan in the bathroom did not work. Crucially, we booked a group between our rooms so we couldn't sleep all night. Please make your reservation carefully. No aircondition for all the three nights! And only sort of excuse, but no money back. bad services & air cond is not cold Did not give complete device Some of Front Desk staffs will tell you that they can only reserve International Taxi which will cost 3-4 times expensive than normal Call Taxi. The facilities are new yet found fairs in bed the very first night.
bad attitude staff” I ” Pleasant stay” 보통” 보통” Room is spacious. Suggest to improve the room cleaning.” Not recommended ” 보통” Cant sleep well. Noisy at night time” 보통” Inconvenient Location” The Hotel is Absolutely clean, the food is great, the location is 35 mins away from Myeongdong shop” No value add ” Bad location” will not stay again.” Really disappointed at this time ” Forced reviews and misleading signage ” 보통” disappointed” Poor services” took 1 day for stay here, decided for move to other hotel close with myeongdong stn. time for check out is 12 pm, but front office called to my room at 10.20 am, that staff so impolite with grumpy voice, he wanted me for check out on that time, but I know last check out is 12 pm. cleaning staff so impolite too, an older woman, she enter my room without ring bell room, I said that I was pack my luggage, then she out from my room, ohhh very annoyed, she ring my bell room until 3 times after that, and that time is so longer before check out, why they always try to take out me, really not recommended hotel. not really close with euljiro st, a way from station to hotel is not so good, can damage our luggage. many building project near this hotel, ohh so annoyed for me. 5 minutes walking to airport limousine bus stn, 10 minutes walking to myeongdong shopping center. I dont wanna book this hotel again If Im back to Seoul, while this hotel is so clean, so large and warmy. The hotel is clean, rooms are reasonably big and there’s a shuttle to take you to popular places. We had dinner buffet at their restaurant and my sister had food poisoning the last night we stayed at the hotel. We found a cockroach near the dessert area and showed it to the hostess. All she did was trying to kill it and didn’t even offer an apology. The staffs were nice but I wished they would be more attentive to the guests instead of walking away without saying excuse while helping you to talk to another guest or other staff. It was a pleasant stay at Hotel PJ. Staffs are friendly and room is pretty decent. However, location is nearer to Chungmuro station compared to the central Myeondong area so at night, it can be quite quiet if you are walking out from Chungmuro station as that area is more of old small shops area. Location not great, a bit sketchy and not walking distance to anywhere I wanted to go. It was a last minute booking, so I paid a lot higher than what I would pay for a hotel of this quality. The staff was great, helpful in assisting us with all of our questions. There was a hotel shuttle, but this was not communicated during check-in and I found out for myself while reading the hotel handbook in the room. The hotel itself is older and the rooms are dated, and I thought it looked much better in the photos. Hotel look good from exterior. Not up to 4 star rating, only good for it shuttle bus service and laundry inside the hotel. Not satisfied during the stay as I clearly requested a non smoking room when making a reservation but the hotel arranged a room with the smell of cigarette. There was construction outside ALL NIGHT long! The instructions for the airport “limousine” bus did not say you’re required to drag your bags through blocks to get to the hotel. Our room was extremely tired looking, stains on wallpaper and the bathtub had a filthy stain in the bottom-and chunks of dried snot or something on the walls. The public areas of the hotel seemed so modern but this room was a dump. There was also streaks of who knows what on the walls of the lobby bathroom stall that I used, which I only noticed after the door was closed. The staff were nice. If I was to visit Seoul again I wouldn’t go back there. Not onced was our floor vacuumed, mopped, swept, or cleaned. My sock were filthy each night from walking on the floor. We asked for chairs in our room to have a place to sit, they provided them. We were placed on a Ladies Only floor, but men and boys were in abundance coming and going. The hotel location is nearby a construction area, it is noisy everynight. I woke up at 4-5am everyday and unable to sleep well. Staff quite nice The towels and bedsheets got a lot of stains , location is 30 mins + from Myeongdong if you go by foot :( The only problem I encounter is the front desk staff they are not accurate if you ask them about the exact location of the places like the airport port bus they said walk left then right but it’s not it’s just one block away from the hotel just walk straight away from the hotel 5 mins walking First of all note that this hotel location was one of the deciding factor to book. But it was a total HUGE disappointment. Location: Far from metro. Surrounded by renovation works!! That is crazy that there's still works going on at 2AM! No small eateries around Restaurants unavailable very early Surroundings area are all suppliers shop Plus: They provide shuttle bus service to Myeong dong every hour which I think they should given inaccessible location Room: Was clean and spacious Overall not worth the price paying for. Not ideal for people who don't speak Korean location wise. the hotel rooms were not like anything in the pictures, it was dark and quite old. toilet had a foul smell and the ac would stop working, staff were not helpful in fixing either, told me to open the window instead. it’s a distance away from the train station, the only good thing is the free shuttle bus. I stayed at this hotel three years ago. It was a fantastic experience. However, I am so disappointed at this time. My wife and I were struggling to sleep at night because it was too hot in the room. I called front desk. They apologized however they can’t turn on the air conditioning because they are using the central air conditioning system. They suggested me to open the window. And at the first two nights, they can’t even provide me a fan. Because they already gave to other guests. So it means not just me having this problems. They only have the the fan from third night. This is ridiculous. A four star hotel can’t turn on the air conditioning for its guests because it uses central air conditioning system. Just want to tell the people who want to stay at this hotel. If you like cool and chilled, choose somewhere else. 1. Early check in was conditional upon writing a review on trip advisor 2. Hotel was located in a secluded area right next to a construction site 3. Dimly lit walkways, so not feasible for female travellers/solo travellers 4. Shuttle bus to Myeongdong not feasible since it only leaves every hour 5. Misleading signage at side gates, which states that doors will be closed at midnight, but in reality closes by 10pm. Hotel manager promised to change it but it still carried the misleading message when we checked out Hot water is unstable carpets were very dirty, room was dark, facilities old, design very old, so many other hotels are better than this one more or less around this price , wondering why still so many people stay there and why the good reviews. will not stay again. unhappy, unwelcome and unhelpful receptionist on arrival and demand when I need help Worst hotel ever” Unfriendly staff, room is hot” Not satisfied ” Wouldn’t recommend! Unapproachable staff” Selected them under false pretence ” The location is good” Nice location” Not recommended for foreigners” Stay Elsewhere!” 보통” 보통” The hotel has lost its beauty & essence! Disappointed!” 보통” spacious rooms but ” 보통” Floor is dirty” the worst cleanliness that i have experienced” Hotel staff is not helpful at all !” Not really good location ” The attitude of hotel staff is very bad” From the previous reviews, this hotel seems nice so I booked a twin room for my stay. The room was not clean and disgusting so I had to change the room twice. The staff was so nice to upgrade the room for me eventually but I will not stay in this hotel ever again. Not hospitable and uncaring Pros : free shuttle bus Cons: far from nearest subway Few restaurants nearby The location is somehow secluded Walking to hotel at night is scary because you will be entering in a dark dirty alley Bed bugs, itchy bedsheets Hard bed and pillows. Do yourself a favor Go find a hotel somewhere else The staffs are unapproachable except for one who’s based in the front desk. The restaurant staff are the worst. First time we went there, one of the staff bang me so hard while I was walking and didn’t even apologise. It says buffet breakfast, but that’s only for the weekend. They will serve a plated breakfast during weekdays. The nearest train station is Euljiro 3 and would take about 15 minutes to Myeongdong shopping district (including transfer of train). The surroundings of the hotel are mostly in construction or printing shops. It also smells like fish the moment you step out of the hotel. So no, I wouldn’t recommend this hotel. Staff were rude and not up to date with their National policy. Almost did not allow my family to check in as the staff insisted that foreigners guest must be quarantine. The discussion went on for 2 hrs before they check and realised that VTL agreement with Singapore allows for non-quarantine travel. After they realised their mistake. There was no apologies, nothing. Facilities were closed due to covid but it was not declared to would be customer for their consideration before booking. Do not consider them. The superior room is very nice. You can feel the hotel is very popular for local Korean because there are many wedding held in hotel everyday. However, not all the staff in reception know english. I can't understand why the toothpaste are distributed while check-in which is very weird. Besides, the room service is not very through, you can still find the rubbish in room everyday. The superior room is very nice. You can feel the hotel is very popular for local Korean because there are many wedding held in hotel everyday. However, not all the staff in reception know english. I can't understand why the toothpaste are distributed while check-in which is very weird. Besides, the room service is not very through, you can still find the rubbish in room everyday. Staffs cannot communicate in English and are not willing to offer help. The room is also not so clean. Location is ok to achieve. What Hotel PJ has going for it is the large room and that the train station (Euljiro4) is very nearby. (It's not in Myeongdong proper despite the name, more like 20 min walk away or two train stations.) However, these reasons aren't worth THE NOISE. If for whatever reason you choose to stay in Hotel PJ, your nights will be ruined by slamming doors and sounds of people talking and laughing throughout the night. For some reason, large groups of young Koreans love to stay there and they party throughout the night. If that weren't enough, there is also construction happening just across the road, so expect to wake up to building work in the morning. The reception staff service also leaves much to be desired. When I checked in, despite handing over my passport, I was still handed a form WITH THE WRONG NAME. All the while, this older male staff kept talking about how great the breakfast is and the details. I hadn't booked any breakfast. When I pointed out the error, he begrudgingly reprinted the form, and his tune about the breakfast totally changed. It's expensive and totally not worth it. Not very professional in the slightest. Take it from a member of the hotel staff. IT IS NOT WORTH STAYING THERE. The surrounding area can also come across as 'colourful' depending on your travelling preferences. To get to the hotel from Chungmuro Station, you'll have walk through narrow alleyways filled with small eateries. If you're arriving at night, these alleyways will be filled with drunk men smoking away. It didn't bother me too much, but not a pleasant impression of Seoul on my first trip. Seoul has many, many other hotel offerings that are superior. STAY ELSEWHERE. You're welcome. Once they get the construction done in the area this might be a nice place. but currently the surrounding area is very run down and tore up with construction. Even though my online reservation included breakfast I had to convince them to go on line to confirm breakfast was included before they would provide the meal tickets. the all or nothing lights suck (need room key in holder for any elec.) I will choose another hotel in the area next time. Cleanliness to be improved. Cockroach (alive) in bathtub. Daytime shuttle bus to Myeongdong and Namdaemun, nighttime shuttle bus to Dongdaemun and Namdaemun. Have hot drinking water. Have foot massage machine in the room. Have ladies floor. A guy at the reception with poor attitude. My husband & I have been a frequent hotel guest at PJ Hotel since 2013 becus then d experience was better. However I can’t say d same for this trip. We’re utterly disappointed with the 5 nights stay. We booked & returned to PJ this time for our 15th Wedding Anniversary altho we were here just 5 months for my husband’s birthday! The experience from d time we checked in ruined it all! D attitude from d front office staff (gentleman) that checked us in was terrible & rude! I told him we specifically mentioned on our booking with Agoda that it’s for our wedding celebration but he abruptly brushed us off by saying there’s no such thing (in a very cocky manner!) that really puts me off esp as a returning guest. Besides d lack of gd service from d staff, d room amenities was not even replenished properly for our check-in; there was no shower gel, shampoo, etc! We had sleepless nights throughout our stay as d room has no a/c & no ventilation. I shall reconsider if I shd return again. Room is bright & clean, very confortable, but location is too far away from Metro Station, the envoiroment around is not good The rooms were large and clean. 3 mins walk to chungmuro station. We had issues with the rooms being to warm as the airconditioning and heater are said to be centralized so you don't have the option to adjust your own rooms temperature. Staff manage to give as an electric fan though it did help but not much. I find it expensive for it's accessibility and comfort. The Chinese lady at the concierge has terrible attitude. Actually many things is good enough to choose, but only one: cleaning. I have requested so many times to clean the floor, but they didn’t clean even once. Cleaner did came to tidy up the room every day and briefly clean the bathroom, but not the floor. I can see so many hairs on the floor which is not acceptable for me... after staying for five nights, we discovered a pool of used tissues under the bed when we were finding the missing slipper. the housekeeper was called up to clean, and so we saw that the bunch of tissues was full of blood. it was so disgusting to learn about it. we complained and the hotel helped to change to another room and provided free breakfast. however, this is really a disgusting experience. the housekeeper did not replace any shampoo and shower gel. we need to request for replacement. The hygiene of this hotel is really making people disappointed and lost all the good marks. Hotel staff refused when ask to help in translation for food delivery, they event refused to call to our room when the delivery arrived after we try hard to call. Very poor hospitality! I’ve read a lot reviews that said the location of this hotel is good. It is true that the hotel is near to 3 subway stations but they are not near if you r traveling with young children as the walking distance is at least 500m . The same applies to the airport limousine stop which is at the Chungmuro stn exit 8. When you take the bus from airport it said hotel pj stop but it is actually a good 500m away from the hotel. The breakfast is also not recommended as the foods are the same every day. The plus point for the hotel is the friendly staffs and the restaurant nice decor. And for those who r interested to take a taxi from the hotel to Incheon airport, the hotel can book for you for a flat rate of 70000 won. The attitude of your hotel staff was rude and made me feel disappointed. On the first day, we arrived hotel very late since we took a night flight. When we arrived hotel, we were already very tired and exhausted, we tried to call the food delivery as we haven’t ate anything for a long time, but the staff of food shop cannot speak English, so we went to lobby and kindly asked hotel staff to translate for us. However, the male staff of the check in courter told me “we are just the hotel staff here and we won’t help you.” with very bad attitude and angry face. This experience really made me feel bad. It totally destroyed my travel journey and mood. Actually I saw the feedback of agoda, many people commented your staff is very helpful and willing to help them call food delivery. I don’t mind your staff cannot help me to order the food if they are using good attitude since this is not their obligation. However, I cannot accept the attitude of your staff. This really leave me very bad impression of the hotel. 第一天晚上在酒店想叫橋村炸雞外賣，可是炸雞店說只會講韓文，於是我走去大堂請職員幫忙翻譯，有個男職員態度奇差說”我們只是酒店職員，不會幫你的”語氣態度都很差，我發電郵向酒店投訴了一次並表示希望有回應，可是酒店並沒有仼何回應，第 Aircon is too warm! ” 무난함” Good location, walking distance to 2 different metro lines but room smelled of cigarette” Not meeting expectation” Room Condition” You accepted theives to book in your hotel?What kind of hotel security do you have?” 무난함” Not as good as what I expected after reading so many good reviews” Hotel was ok, staff was nice.” 무난함” Fair Service” Poor location” 무난함” Great place to stay!” Would stay somewhere else next time” 무난함” It was okay” not really meet our expectation” 보통” Smelly room; old fashioned” I will Never stay here again! Aircon in room was 26.5 in room during day. Even after you asked front desk to check, they will let you know that it’s not possible to change the temperature! With such a high room rate no breakfast was provided although mentioned in note of Agoda that room rate included breakfast.And the hotel staff asked us to contact Agoda by our self for clarification. 14-Apr was birthday of my son but no any greetings from the hotel. When checking out did not see any bell boys came to help to carry baggage, we have to carry them from room to the bus. It is a 5 star hotel, with free shuttle bus up to midnight to tourist attractions . Location of the hotel is strategic, walking distance to green and orange metro lines and surrounded by cheap eateries ! The only complaint we had was the experience was spoilt by irresponsible guests who smoke like a chimney ! The smoke travelled to our room through the bathroom ventilation fan and it was horrible. Location is fine (near subway stations and airport bus stop) and we appreciate the free shuttle to nearby areas. However the other aspects of the hotel were not great. The room was dusty and felt stuffy. We could not adjust the air conditioning. Breakfast selection was poor, and serving cold hard bread. Staff not friendly especially those in the restaurant. Old furnitures with lots of scratch marks. The wall has stain marks. Sofa in the living room is the worst, which was dirty and huge stain marks. Bath towels found hair and stain marks. At very disappoint the bed sheet and pillow cases also had stain marks. Huge concern about the products. My credit card was hacked to book in this hotel. Why didnt you ask for the card used to book this hotel? or even an authorization letter and Id from the owner of the card? You are part of the crime that happened here. What kind of security do you have here? Return my money. Your hotel must be closed be cause of this!!# Not friendly staff… bad Hey guys no offence but I think I set my expectation much higher after reading so many good reviews, there issues I have is that it is quite far from the train station and relying on the shuttle bus does not always fit our schedule. The surroundings old building and not especially pleasant, I was looking forward to the main street but it is actually off some smaller street even though it can be on the same road from Myeongdong. I booked 5 nights there with breakfast inclusive and was largely disappointed with the selection, for 5 days having the same stuff. The Vietnamese noodles was too plain and there are the same food for the next few days. Quite disappointing though. But I must say the Concierge staff have done a tremendous job recommending and answering to my queries. I am happy with the service of the staff but I think can be improve like introducing the facility. Another key frustration is that there is no toilet lock and also no hook in the toilet to hang your stuff too. Why do all guests need to show passports. I made the reservation, my companions identifications are irrelevant. Got to my room, firdt drawer i opened( top middle desk drawer had a 2.5 inch long roach crawlung around. 4 free coffees from the coffee shop for my troubles? Really? A new room that didn't smell Pro: hotel shuttle bus was convinient and driver was very kind Staff was very nice Room was clean Con:Too far to walk from hotel to airport bus Room smells like cigarette smoke Due to too dark around the hotel felt unsafe We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and requested the 2 rooms should be at the same floor for easier to take care the family. However, Hotel still arranged 2 rooms located at different floor and made us very inconvenient. A bit disappointed. The hotel is a bit old and location is far from the tour center. We need to take shuttle bus but the bus schedule is not so frequent especially during the night time. The hotel room was well appointed and the staff were keen to help but unfortunately the there was no where to eat dinner or a bar at the hotel . Restaurant variety was also mon existent in the area hotel under renovation noise during day time This is the hotel that I would recommend to all purpose travels. Hotel was a bit off from where the action was, hence their free shuttle bus services. We spent 6 nights April 2017, on our first night we already noticed that the room was humid. When i called the reception regarding this matter, the lady in charge told me that i cannot adjust the thermostat of our room air condition because it is shut off during spring time. I was told that guests can only manipulate the thermostat only during summer time. For the price that we paid, we were told to open the balcony to let some cold in the room. We felt shortchanged and unsafe but we had already paid for our stay. We did this for 6 nights, the first of its kind in my experience which I found totally and absolutely weird. Pros I get some insects on bed. Olso shelves and sofas not clean Anther thing, they don't like to help to find a some place and they ask Texi who was not real texi The hotel is clean. Quite small rooms. Mode of transportation is quite far. They have shuttles but they only follow a certain schedule i think every hour so we were not able to ride it all the time. Only a few restaurants around not really meet our expectation The hotel has a good shuttle bus service, friendly and courteous staff but there were few choices of food at the buffet. Location is a bit off, the hotel is about 3 to 5 minutes walk from the station. Overall, hotel price is very reasonable. Eerie room setting Normal ” Rude front desk manager” -” -” The room is clean and tidy but the location is not convenient.” .” Depends on your luck” Not good” average experience!” Noisy, narrow rooms, bad complimentary Wifi” Window dressing” Not bad but not what I'm expecting ” PJ's facilities leave much to be desired. Location not great, shuttle bus helps.” Way worse than expected ” clean room” It's not worthy the price, and the reviews are totally overrated. ” Convenient free shuttle” nothing impressive” Satisfactory” Good Location, but Room is not so clean” Everything ok just the location no so near by myeongdong need to walk 15-20min shutter go myeongdong has close to early Disappointing service this time. Hotel staff were not helpful. The room rate has increased so much compared to my last visit yet the service standard dropped. Amenities in room i.e. toilet paper, towels were not replaced when low. Front desk guy was not helpful and quite rude. We asked for help to order the "famous" Korean fried chicken but was told we are not allowed to order takeaway. So we asked for directions to the restaurant. He told us it was not his duty to help us check! I always stay at this hotel whenever I visit Korea. This is my 4th, probably the last. - - The room is clean and tidy but the location is not convenient. . Be careful of the photos.I was put in the old room, small, old, dusty. It was completely different from the photo advertise put on the website. The hotel is in the middle of everything by distance. If you don't mind of walking a distance and have time, it would be perfect for you. Breakfast, some of the food won't be filled, when it's run out. And they will ask you to leave after breakfast time is finish. Not good I booked a nonsmoking room but the room I was offered smelled like someone just finished a cigarette which negatively affected my staying experience. The room I stayed in was a bit noisy at night. The room was a bit narrow but it had a balcony which was nice and unexpected. The bathroom is a bit old and requires renovation. The tub looked a bit discolored and water stained. The complimentary Wi-Fi service was unreliable and there was no option to upgrade to a high speed paid version. The city tours available at the concierge were not great and most full day tours can be done on your own using public transport. I did 3 locations a day without any problems and managed to avoid the mandatory stops at duty free and other shops. My stay was okay but I doubt I will book a room in this hotel again. Lobby and public area look good but inside the room looks terrible. The layout of hotel is not convinence at all and we booked non smoking type but we smell smoked suddenly when got into the room. The check in time was 3PM but even the rooms were available, but staff said couldn't support because it was 2 PM and asked me to pay extra by rule. When I would like talk with manager to confirm this rule, the staff told me that it was not the rule actually... And they can provide me the room now. This is very strange and made me so confuse. Anyway, we MUST return 2 key cards to the front desk by ourselves otherwise we couldn't check out... Service mind is requires and need to be improved. It wasn't a bad stay but the location is a bit off as compare to my previous stays within same area in myeongdeong. . nothing much to offer at night so a bit disappointed. Booked because need to stay at the same hotel as my other friends. else I would have pick different location that offers more at cheaper price. The thing that we found most inconvenient is the fact that there was only 1 chair in the whole room. The table was very low and impossible to use for senior citizens. Disappointed. Little value at all. Location not ideal. Bed sheet not changed during our entire stay. Breakfast not good as claimed to be. room is comfortable 1. Inconvenient: It's located far from the main districts and it takes about 5 mins to walk through a pretty dark area to the metro station, especially it's not easy for us with big luggages because of the stairs. The shuttle bus isn't convenient at all. It runs every 1 hour that it's hard for us to catch it. The staff will not remind you about the shuttle bus because they'd ask you to take a taxi instead. 2.Lack of services: the staff had problem with helping us book a RailPark bike, which the official website has Korean only, it took them about 40 minutes to finally made the call to get it done. They will NOT order fried chicken for you because of the Hotel Policy. (But it will be fine if you made the call yourself...). When you have heavy boxes, it's nice that they will get the cart for you but NOT help you bring it to your room. You will have to do it all by yourself and then return the cart back to the lobby. Overall, we had a not so pleasant experience staying there. The hotel is a very nice, modern property with convenient free shuttle around the 2 major shopping districts, Myeongdong and Dongdaemun. Room is spacious and clean. - Shuttle bus should be more frequent in the afternoon, bus did not wait for at least 5 minutes at pick up point. Overall room was clean and tidy. Breakfast buffet was lousy. It's located at the center of different famous sites, so it's convenient to travel around Seoul. However, the nearby area looks a little bit dangerous especially when you come back late. We got a dirty blanket cover and it was not replaced even after cleaning. Big croacroches on the bed” Not good” Awful stay” Can be better” Cleanliness should be aware” just bad” Location a bit far from shopping and dining area” Location not so good” Pleasant stay at PJ Hotel ” no good, not the size as we booked.” great-looking hotel with poor service and terrible breakfast” Too noisy ” Mini shuttle bus provided” Not very convenience hotel ” Overall quiet good” ok hotel ” Travelling with family” Travelling with fsmily” Travelling with family” Nice hotel with POOR housekeeping” I was awoken in the early morning by a big croacroches creeping on my feet. We had to called the reception to kill it. It was the first time i encountered this in a hotel. The reception was telling me they can not gurantee that this will not happened again as the hotel are very old. Although they do hire company to clean it. This make my subsequent nights very worried. Not very good The hotel advertised to be a 4 star hotel but services is not at par with 4 star hotel. No spoon in the room(have to use plastic spoon from babies milk when i ate ice cream late night) No complimentary tea and coffee(not consistent with their description in their website) Buffet breakfast (not kid friendly.. stayed for 5 nights and my son only ate french toast) location is far from subway or bus stop Location isnt that accessible to popular districts such as myeongdong, that's why they provide the shuttle bus service. Cleaners wouldn't take out our trash for some reasons. Air-conditions were set to minimal temp, you will still feel the stuffiness. The bed sheets didn't change for the 4 nights I've stayed in the same room even though I requested for makeup the room everyday bad Surrounding nothing Surroundings no shops at all Shuttle bus service Good. I have been the second time stay in PJ Hotel, which this time I go with my mum to travel and especially booked the 5th floor superior room. however, that room is much smaller and different from the photo and the size they mention there. I feel very unfair, as I buy the same price as others and they gave us a smaller room. Things are Not refill everyday. Last time, I booked a twins room, where I stay on the 10th floor, which is mucher cheaper price, the same size and have Korean face mask for us to try. This time, I buy much more expensive, but with less service, don't have the same I used to have and just the small room given to us, where we spend 6 days there. We saw the next door, much bigger size than us, mostly on the 5th floor are Japanese. Not happy with the living experience, because we are feeling not worth to pay more expensive for the best room, but gave us the worse and smallest, they can find. angry here. The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom was clean too. Good location. The downsides- Most staff members I talked to were unable to understand English. The staff was really busy and were not kind. They did not provide accurate information about using the laundromat. The dryer did NOT work at all. After inserting bills and waiting for 2 hours, our clothes were still completely wet. Cigarette smoke in the bathroom at night. Terrible terrible breakfast- No freshness, taste nor variety. Very poor quality. The food labelling was wrong as well. shuttle bus spacious room,luggage storages,multi national staff I booking for this hotel due to their advertising on balcony attached for twin bed room.But when i check in,there's no balcony. I ve to request them for room changing with balcony, only by next day the room with balcony are available. Again the balcony room was different from the photos they shown,it was smaller and dirty.i quite disappointed on these. By the way the mini shuttle bus provided travel to few spots only, you need to standby at the pit stop,as the driver won't wait more then 2 minute for each stop. I found some non hotel quest will take advantage of the shuttle bus to travel on each pit stop. That's make the hotel guest have limited seats available. Retatively big room size, nice staff The hotel is actually quite far from Myongdong. You need to walk at least 20 minutes there. It locates in a pretty old district and the room is a bit old. The airport shuttle bus stop is not right in front of the hotel entrance. You need to walk down the way for about 5 minutes. I don't think it's worth for the money in such price, you could have a quite a number of better choices. Clean and tidy Good shuttle service, location near mrt Nt that near myeondong...if u r into shopping shld stay near myendong area... Near to best tourist location, shuttle bus to tourist shopping available Nothing spesial Shuttle bus available to tourist shopping centre Nothing spesial Biasa saja Biasa saja 1. Free shuttle bus service Maybe just a bad room?” ok but not great” very poor room” Poor customer services” Poor customer services & faulty facilities” no good location” Souped Up 2 Star” Stay away from this hotel if you bring kids.” First time to Seoul” Not recommended.” big room, free shuffle bus and hot bath” Air conditioning is too hot” It's fine. Not excellent.” 15 min walk to MyeongDong, 5 min walk to Chungmuro” 15 min walk to MyeongDong, 5 min walk to Chungmuro” Good ” the worst experience ever happened to me” Winter Korea” not exactly i expected” It's ok” Free hotel shuttle to shopping, location, website with picture step-by-step directions I think I might have been given just a bad room. My toilet leaked (despite a worker attempting to fix it twice), the faucet in my bathroom leaked, i could never figure out how to use the shower portion of the bathtub and the water temperature in the bath fluctuated between lukewarm and scalding hot throughout my shower attempt. cleaning staff were nice ok hotel but got to fix the horrible toilet scent at the lobby area location was good for train and walk to myeongdong room was not good. strange shape with column in the middle. should have been a storage room for the rest of the floor Free shuttle bus services Poor staff performance (not all). Ask for the assistance to order something but end up the female staff took the wrong order. When they realised the mistake, they do not think of way to solve the problem. Super disappointed with their customer services. Free shuttle bus services My boyfriend asked for the assistance from one of the staff at reception counter to specifically order a bouquet of flowers that consist of 18 red roses for his proposal. End up when we get into the room, we only see 18 single roses wrapping with transparent cover each then a big transparency cover to cover all these 18 single roses. When he went down to inform about the mistake made by the staff, they only apologize but do not even think of rectify the problem. We really disappointed with the staff performance and they have successfully ruin the surprise made from him. Worst experience! only price Well seasoned traveler here. First time with baby. There was hair in the bathtub, hair in between sheets. Spilled some water on the desk and went to wipe it up, picked up dirt along with it. Sinuses went heywire due to the lack of dusting. Good location, racist, staff not friendly to kids. I stay about 3 nights in this hotel. The staffs is terrible. They don't know how to friendly with kids and babies. When kids run here and there it is normal but few of the staffs there even stared at my kids like she hate my kids so much! Staff at receptionist also don't understand basic english. Really difficult to communicate with them. Please stay away from this hotel if u bring your kids together otherwise, your kids will be a stupid kids this and that everything cannot and no. Having shuttle service to major attractions/size of room,rather spacious A giant column in the middle of the room，room clean service is below standard. baby bed is broken.Not recommended. big clean rooms, free shuffle bus and hot bath here rooms size is big and have balcony for smoking. nice view for Seoul tower and hot bath tube there. free shuffle bus is great to tourists spots. just the area located at old working zone, which weekends too very quiet, all shops closed. Good cleaniness I visited this hotel during winter. The in room air conditioning is too hot (the temparature could not be adjusted manually)and it was too cold if we turn off the air conditioning. We opened the windows throughout our stay. We could not find the in room dining service in this hotel.( Don't know if it has any). We couldn't even take meal in the hotel restaurant cause there was function held. My boyfriend and me got sick(diarreah) during the stay in Korea. We do feel disappointed regarding this hotel. The only good point is it was clean and there are convinience stores nearby and open 24-hour. Clarence is good,although it's not a new hotel. Location is good. It is 3 minutes walk away subway. I stayed in a couple room for 5 nights. Actually, the whole building is a commercial building, so PJ hotel is co sharing with other business offices. That is why the lobby is located at 2ed floor. And it's easy to feel confused where is the entery.The suttle bus runs every one hour so it doesn't help a lot. We don't have coffee maker at our room. Clearance is qualified. Honestly,according to its price, I wouldn't say it's a 4-star hotel. Hourly shuttle service to main areas, Friendly Staff at the Hotel Lobby, 5 min walk to Chungmuro Subway Station Rooms were comfy, slightly further than the hotels located near MyeongDong area - approx 15 min walk away. Unfortunately, their shuttle service staff were extremely impatient, unhelpful and unfriendly. We wanted to use the bus' trunk for our luggages since we were only taking the shuttle's very next stop - Airport Limo Bus Stop 3 minutes away, but they just ignored us and wanted to drive away while we were pointing and asking if we could use the trunk. Forced us to lug our luggages up and down the bus ourselves, when the bus' trunk was just at street level. Hourly shuttle service to main areas, Friendly Staff at the Hotel Lobby, 5 min walk to Chungmuro Subway Station Rooms were comfy, slightly further than the hotels located near MyeongDong area - approx 15 min walk away. Unfortunately, their shuttle service staff were extremely impatient, unhelpful and unfriendly. We wanted to use the bus' trunk for our luggages since we were only taking the shuttle's very next stop - Airport Limo Bus Stop 3 minutes away, but they just ignored us and wanted to drive away while we were pointing and asking if we could use the trunk. Forced us to lug our luggages up and down the bus ourselves, when the bus' trunk was just at street level. Clean , good location , good services It is the worst hotel i have ever stayed. First all should be careful room pictures has nothing in common with the real room decoration and condition. When i came they give me really ugly room with stained walls, some kind of heater standing on the floor and old TV staying on the broken table facing the door. The room has really smelly and stuffy air: old cigarettes (though it is "no smoking room), food and other people. The carpet was stained, table has burns on it and standing mirror was shaking on one bolt. So i went down and let them change the room. The second room was cosmetically renovated though furniture was still really old and excessive: 2 chairs standing on a line blocking the passage between the wall and bed and tea-table in the middle of the room blocking the wardrobe door. But it was not THAT terrible as previous one and it was really late so I decided to stay. The hotel does not have: disposable slippers (it has really old and dirty PU slippers i did not wear because of hygiene reason, toothbrush and paste. They do not have minibar which is not the problem, BUT the fridge was broken and water they supplied become ice in the morning, i tried different programs during 4 nights i stayed but no matter on which program was fridge it made everything into ice. Hotel is quite hard to find if you do not know Seoul and follow the map (which is not clear) you should go into the small alley behind the bus stop on the entrance of the alley there is “Paris baguette” sign... go to the end till you absolutely comes out of the alley and see hotel (5 min walk), if you will follow the map on the bus stop you most probably will be lost. Surroundings of the hotel are quite shabby, small repair shops and huts. Though is not far from 3 subway stations and Meyongdong it is not nice place to "walk around" and quite creepy in the evening. If i knew all this before I would not stay in this hotel even for free. Cleanliness, natural air con, balcony Overall was good. Just surrounding not much atmosphere and can't see Seoul tower location, shuttle bus service, room with balcony I've been chosen PJ for my staying during Seoul for many times, they have great triple bed room, but not too good on twin bed room, i stayed at 8th floor, sofa in the room is dirty, room smell a bit , just a bit funny, shower temperature was not stable, too hot or suddenly turned cold, others are minor for me, but, i do love their balcony, and appreciate their shuttle bus service, and good location that easy travel to other hot spot. Clean, Convenient, Comfortable A smoking lobby is available outside my room! Fantastic! nice hotel” Fair” Overall OK.” Worst service ever” small room, staff not helpful, smelly bathroom” good location but bad neighborhood” Over rated - At most a three star hotel” Clean comfortable ” Not have a good impression ” Comfortable, convenient and good service” good” Not worth it” do u like heat?” Very convenient location” No” ABove Average” very expensive for what service offer.” Convenient and Practical hotel for families” Just ok Nothing more special” OK hotel with good buss” the staff are really helpful,I like their shuttle bus service. comfortable Nice hotel Room Clean and staff friendly 1. A bit far from Airport bus stand. when carry a big luggage, and still need to walk more than 5 minutes (some area have staircase). 2. only one staff able to communicate in Mandarin. 3. Room was clean location and free shuttle The location is very convenient and the free shuttle bus deserves 2 closed shopping areas. However, the reception and concierge were not very helpful when we needed information. shuttle, near tourist spots, near subway subway stations Give facial masks clean, comfortable and convenient Happy and satisfied Free shutte bus First, the hotel is not near to the main attractions and surrounded by many old buildings. Second, the hotel suggested visitors to take Limousine Bus No. 6015 and stopped at PJ Hotel Station but I would rather get off at Kukdo Hotel Station (1 stop early) as it is near and the street is clean. Third, the receptionist was impolite as my friends (the other couple) come with me to check in and the receptionist might think we booked 1 room for four persons. And her facial expression showed discontented and mummured to her manager with eyes glared at me. How imaginative she is?! One double bed for 2 couples? To eliminate her suspicion, I asked my friend to show her Lotte Seoul Hotel room card to her, then she started to perform normally. Really feel disappointed for her act, very unprofessional! 5-star Hotel?!!!!!!!! Comfortable, convenient and good service Comfortable, convenient and good service nice great hospitality location location location I was very disappointed. At first, I was given a room with heavy smoke smell. Subsequently, I was shifted to a smaller room with still distinct smoke smell. Despite my request on subsequent day to clean the room to reduce the smell, it is still smoky. Staying in a smoky room for 4 nights is not an ideal holiday. In addition, although the hotel is located in a central location, it is only accessible through small lane unlike the other hotels located next to the subway. This hotel is definitely not recommended for elderly as the lobby is located above one floor of stairs at the front and you have to heave your luggage on a conveyor belt next to the stairs. staff, shuttle service, location the concierge is excellent- helpful, knowledgeable and speaks english. unfortunately the room condition sucks! the hotel turns off the aircon after 9am so only book this hotel if you really like the heat or you intend to stay out all day! i had an asthma attack because i couldn't breathe in the room. i informed them and continued to turn the aircon off the following day and day after. thankfully the shuttle service ran all day so i stayed out from 9am- 2am everyday. so much for comfort. Breakfast. Location. And service Comfortable. No No good Renovated, Big Room, Free Shutter Bus Good, Easy access to subway (Churomo Station-LINE4), Free shutter bus to famous location. cleaningness....housekeepers did a good job...comfortable room Disappointed with restaurant. Only served large groups may have breakfast, lunch and dinner. Closed early. No room service. Too expensive and receive little service. Staff were not too smart. Difficulty understanding. Spacious Room, Convenience to the subways, warm hospitality We were rather concerned that we weren't able to locate the hotel from bus 6015 @Incheon Airport despite many find it really easy and within walking distance after stopping at the airport shuttle bus stop. We have decided to take the cab @W70,000 which costed us almost double the price as if we were to take the airport shuttle @W10,000 per person. If you were taking the shuttle bus from the airport, make sure to check the route directions provided at the bus stop once you got off, the directions were very simple. The check in was very smooth and quick and the hotel staff were all very hospitable and all spoke very good english. We were surprised at how spacious the quad room was and with all the essential amenities. (Just no toothbrushes...) After familiarizing ourselves with the area, we realized the PJ Hotel is located in between Chungmuro and Elijiro4 subway stations and also about 15-20 minutes walking to Meong-dong (west) and Dongdamun (east). And the hotel provided free shuttle in a loop between all the nearby stations, Meong-dong and Dongdamun. The concierge provided excellent services in terms of Korean restaurants choices, many of the restaurants recommended provided pick up services at the hotel as well which was neat. We ate at two of the recommended restaurants by the hotel and they were excellent choices as compared to the ones we picked randomly. There were a couple of convenience stores just steps away from the hotel. An ATM located in the basement just outside the hotel was also handy. We tried the recommended the Jiljimbang (Korean Sauna and Scrubs)@ Meong-dong but were very disappointed. I guess we visited Japan often and had high expectations of the services provided. Our highlight was to see the show "NANTA", highly recommended, hilarious and it had us still laughing on the way exited the theatre. Location is the best. Internet didn't work at the room. BUSS, big room, clean my stay was so so. the staff not that friendly. basically nothing good about this hotel except bus. this hotel mainly stayed by china peoples. so not so special for 5 star hotel Hotel PJ” Horribly overpriced and outdated” Check in earlier policy need you yo pay additional” Good location” Service has room for improvement and more flexibil” This is not the world best hotel !” Good choice” OK” PJ Hotel” Airport Bus route, near to MRT station” Weekend in Seoul” A nice hotel poorly managed” Poor location and inaccessible to shopping places.” Good” Great” hotel bus late” Good n relaxing” The hotel has a nice location.” Hotel was average to poor” good good good good good good good good” English speakers, close to Namsam Hanok Folk Village, Lobby This place was not a 4 star. It was more like a 2.5 star hotel. The lobby was 4 stars and I would not stay there again. can't think of 1, let alone 3 very disappointing normal as other usual hotel I've made a request through special requirement for earlier check in at 9 am. I 've reach at the hotel at 10.00 am in the morning. The hotel reception told me that their hotel policy strictly cannot check in earlier than 2.00 pm because there is no room at that moment. But if I still want to check in, have to pay additional bout 40 dollar US (42,000 Kw). I had a whole night flight till morning and had been asked to wait until 2.00 pm in order to fulfill the hotel policy is ridiculous. I had stayed at many other hotels at Seoul but never had this experienced. I would not stay at this hotel in the future and not recommended for other to stay here also. Good location with big room Free shuttle, clean rooms and 24 hrs mini-mart within the hotel Staffs are generally helpful , kind and good manners ! Generally it is good , nothing much to complain ! big room, clean, comfortable It's my 2nd time staying at PJ Hotel. The room is spacious (4 single beds) and comfortable. Will definitely visit again. Hope they can keep it up! Price, staff, room size hotel environment was not good good Airport Bus route, near to MRT station, value for money just take an airport bus to reach the hotel, cheap and comfortable, 5 minutes walk to MRT station, easy access to everywhere... Quirky location, I like it! Very friendly and helpful staff! The rooms are tired and small for the price. I imagine they get a lot of tour groups there. Just stayed there one night. Staff, location and shuttle bus I stayed in this hotel for 6 nights. Although I specifically asked for a non-smoking room, they allotted me a room on the 8th floor which was an abomination to a 4 star hotel. Strong cigarette smell, widely stained floor carpet and equally stained chair upholstery. I had to beg and plead for almost 24 hours to get the room changed to a really nice room which was clean and without any cigarette smell. As long as this hotel keep some rooms in such shabby state they have no right to call it a 4 star hotel. The management should have some long term vision and try not to make fast bucks like this, instead renovate these rooms and offer only decent rooms to customers. The hotel is a classic 4 star hotels with all associated features such as concierge service, daily house-keeping service and even a free scuttle service. The staff are very helpful (but for my terrible room experience). If the management pay more attention, this hotel can be much more popular and successful. 1.Attentive staff 2.Clean 3.Not walking distance to the shopping districts Language no problem. Friendly staff. Location. If price not expensive can consider this PJ hotel. CleanService is ok foot massage, coffee machine, lady flooring ok, but far from mtr and so silent at night, hotel bus late, old.fashion hotel Free shuttle bus service to major shopping areas. Easy access to airport express bus stop. Big room..valuable for money Good..with the frequency of the free shuttle bus service to major shopping area, we could plan our schedules in advance Transportation, tourist support. Fast room service Opportunity Areas: 1. Cleanliness , bathroom tub has pubic hairs left; not cleaned well 2. Beds and pillows are not that comfortable compared to other hotels 3. Since the hotel is not walking distance to key areas, the frequency of the hotel shuttle should be more frequent than hourly. 4. Hotel staff are not all friendly and accommodating. Especially during our check,out, I was asking questions about the waiting area for the airport shuttle since it was raining, about the GST, etc. and you would see from the face and mannerism of the staff that she was not pleased or accommodating. There was also a male staff that gave us a wrong direction on how to go to Nami island. good good good good good good good good good good good good good goodgood good good good Decents 5 star hotel” Traditional,beautiful and special scenery.” The bed is not comfort at all” Not Worth the Money” Ok but abit out of way to shopping area .” bad experience and terrible, i never had before” Generally good with shopping as the main theme.” i think the hotel is good, people are nice. ” no word can say, bad!!” Excellent” Something is wrong with the Heater, so HOT~” I wouldn't recommend that hotel.” Good location and big rooms” Good location and big rooms” popular” not that great” Efficient hotel with great location” Location not good” good price but not great” Fair experience ” shuttle bus, nothing around, good premier room my stay was decent, as a 4-5 star hotel, this hotel is kind of louzy with their services, room was big n nice, not even porter to help moving, all other services are not available. front desk are not friendly at all Good position,friendly and helpful workers,clean and comfortable environment Comfortable and clean,good place for travel Shuttle bus service , good location for shopping , Not bad only , because of the bathtubs we have to climb up n down for shower , and the bed is too hard , very uncomfortable . Aircon not cold enough shuttle bus, service, close by the airport bus station Upside: near the airport bus station, there are shuttle buses to bus station, Myeongdong and Dongdaemun, and hotel staff are very kind. Downside: it's a very old 5 star hotel, the rooms look more like 3 star, fridge makes huge noises even though it is placed in the closet, and they don't have toothbrush. clean, big room ,friendly staff s Will try other hotels next time.it's put of the shopping area,no supper available nearby.it's meant to be a factory area. none bad experience and terrible room assigned to us. The room which is no air,conditioner, but the hotel told us we had to calles them to switch on the air conditioner from the main control; bad smell in room and old carpet. Also u can see the dead body of mosquitoes sticking on the window and the curtain. Really disgusting..Thus, we didnt stayed in this hotel and checked out after an hour, but the hotel staff not initiative to solve the problems ,like change the room for us or do something else to make us feel comfortable. The only thing they did, charge us 1 night room fee as cancellation fee. Really disappointed to this hotel and their staff. Friendly & helpful staff So-so. The hotel's condition could have been better. If not for the shuttle service to the city 's common areas, there is nothing to look forward to for this hotel. Easy to find, closed to underground station, modern no word can say, bad!! staff english is poor!! When i check in, they said my checkin date is wrong. when i show the voucher to them, they said i m correct.. it waist almost 1 hr to checkin and i wait at lobby!!! no staff can help me to arrange... its really bad exprenice and i will not come to this hotel!! must not recommen to my fd!!!! Close to shopping area. Clean. Customer Service. Good Location, Close to good shopping and good food Clean rooms but there is not much else to say about it. I wouldn't recommend the PJ Hotel. The rooms are clean but there is not much else that hotel offers. clean rooms, nice pillows, good location I felt that staff were rude and unfriendly to us. Other than that, the rooms were huge and the location is great! clean rooms, nice pillows, good location it was fine. But I felt that the staff were not very friendly to us. good wiFi network. nothing much not good. far from bus stops myeondong about 30 minutes walk. no food around the area. no shelter if rains. Location, Shuttle service, Convenience I was excited to see PJ hotel's beautiful and modern looking exterior but disappointed with the small lobby and outdated rooms. The decor was old looking and bland, had more of a motel feel to it. There was a small round table that had melted cup rings all over the top, the safe in the room had dead batteries and we could not use it. TV in the room was set to eco brightness and it took us a while to set the brightness right. There was no breakfast or any mention of breakfast through hotel. The best thing about this hotel was its location, close to subway stop and had efficient free shuttle service to major shopping areas of Seoul until 2 in the morning. The airport limousine bus stop is also pretty close and saved us a lot of money going to incheon airport. There is heavy traffic, as the roads surrounding the hotels are Seoul's most congested area. The staff can speak many languages and are pretty helpful and efficient. There is a water dispenser outside that has immediate hot water too- this made me happy because I drink a lot of tea. I got a flash deal for$70 dollars a night as opposed to their regular $300, I would not pay any more than $100/night to stay here and if you are into luxury this is not the hotel for you. This hotel is a convenient and efficient hotel, nothing glamorous but does its job. Staff good in mandarin Location quite far to myeongdong. The room rate is too high for such location. price, good, staff, we arrived at late night, took the airport bus to reach the hotel. It is one of the stop, not too difficult to found. Hotel rooms is not big, the carpet is quite old, room is dark, very basic facilities. It is close to the local restaurants, but not much shopping to see. A short walk from underground, and hotel bus to the shopping center. But we found out on the last day. Big, clean, tidy Clean rooms, good location” Very good” Convenient/comfortable/fuss-free” So so” Ok but not great” NIce & Clean Hotel” Nice and comfy” comfortable, but location is a bit inconvenient” Very old part of the city” fair” Good location” value for money” Not convenience and limited English speaking” confortable budget hotel” location is very good” Close to station” Just a quick stay for business” This is good. And I will suggest my friends to go.” Another option to stay close with main attraction” Difficult to find” clean rooms, good location, shuttle bus service to Dongdaemun hotel located in the center of Myengdong area (best for shopping and food), but in an isolated road so have to walk a bit to get to the subway. They have a free shuttle bus so it's very convenient. Rooms are nothing special but clean and good enough Staff nice, helpful and hotel is clean Very nice trip at Seoul, The hotel staff is very helpful, My Country had typhoon, we need to extend the WIFI service, the staff help us to phone to the telecom company, very nice hotel. Shuttle bus service/helpful staff/convenient location PJ's location near the airport limo busstop as well as its shuttle bus service made the stay really convenient for us. However, it would really help if there were indications of where the shuttle bus would stop at (pictures would help!) - there was once we were waiting for the bus late in the night at Myeongdong (we got there from elsewhere by train, so we didn't know where the shuttle bus would stop at), but we were standing in the cross roads between Dunkin Donuts and Myeongdong entrance, and by the time we saw the shuttle bus across the road, we had to run after it! Nevertheless, it was still a pleasant stay! Actually I am not able to stae any as there was nothing outstanding Good except that staff were very rigid in imposing strict checkout time. Refused to allow a short extended check-out time of 1 hour although hotel was not known to be fully booked on 27 August 2013. Room was not made up on 26 August 2013 until late in the evening. It was the last room to be cleaned up although we left a remark early morning to make up the room. Priority of making up rooms should be given to those occupied rooms. Room was clean and comes with Nespresso machine The hotel is not very near the bus stop where the airport limousine bus will drop you off. You have to walk about 8 mins (with your baggage) and cross a busy road. Though the hotel provide free shuttle buses to Myeongdong & Dongdaemun, the buses are full most of the time we were there and not reliable. We waited at Sijong Hotel which is one of the stops of the shuttle bus back to the hotel for 30 mins. We were there before the estimated time but the bus never came. It is not worth staying at this hotel if you are not able to make use of the free shuttle bus. Large size , comfortable beds Big, Spacious and cozy Staff are very nice and they upgraded us to a Suite Room. attentive staff, comfortable room, city shuttle bus friendly staff, friendly staff, friendly staff... The hotel is old, and the neighborhood is old. When I walk from the subway station back to the hotel, it was smelly and dark and creepy almost. clean room big room nice bed The service poor, she did't told the room number and forget to tell the information about check out time.The people were so passive.I won't return this hotel ever. Good location. good customer sevice, customer oriented & staff with good attitude Very comfortable with good attitude staff and the location is very good for shopping apart feom this the hotel offer free transpotation to shopping area, nice Staff is friendly Location not convenience. Have to climb up stairs inorder to reach hotel. Limited English speaking. Room not very clean. No tooth brush and toothpaste. has airport shuttle, affordable and decent hotel location, clean, small i will recommend ,location verry good, but very small The staff so helpful, the room also neat and tidy Location and easy transportation access Basically I just chose this for business stay but next time I will not chose this hotel for following reason. 1.Surrounding is not clean. 2.Odor of the room was bad. Convenient, comfortable, good service. my room has a big double bed and a single bed. The bathroom amenities that include facial mask and face foam is very thoughtful. nespresso machine!! It is another options to stay close to Seoul's main attraction. Easy access to metro subway. But I found it is hard to get into this hotel when you first arrive from the airport with your big luggage. Airport Train express is efficient mode to reach down-town Seoul but not easy with those stairs and dark alley from the Uljira Station to PJ. Unfortunately taxi from the airport is expensive, could cost you more than $85. Free wifi and water PJ is hard to find, no gym or pool, poor English, located in very industrial area. Uneventful but pleasant” Not bad” Decent hotel at great location” Good value. A bit messy surrounding.” it was great staying in this hotel.” Acceptable location” PJ hotel was great.” good location” Good location” Lovely hotel” Good hotel” Nice room” Hotel locate at the oldest area in Seoul.” a not bad hotel” Nice hotel” Great Service, hotel not too bright” Unless you speak Japanese or Korean...” Mediocre Hotel” Poor location, poor courtesy when I checked in” unpleasant experience” Staff were attentive and friendly It was acceptable and pleasant, i had no complaints about the hotel, just maybe the location is not that clse to Myeong-Dong's tourist area and the rather dark alley right in front of the hotel. It's the first thing you encounter after being dropped off the limosine bus from the airport. Next time take the subway, get down Euljiro 4 (sa)-ga instead of the Chungmuro station. That way you encounter brighter more pleasant streets going to PJ hotel Location if i must choose one. Close proximity to public transportation and major attractions; very helpful staff Room cleanliness isn't consistent. I stayed for 3 nights, left, and came back for another night. The first room I stayed in was clean. The other room was dusty. Front desk and bell persons are very helpful and friendly. They went above and beyond to print out a good local restaurant and checked the price for us when we asked for recommendation. The room service crew was noisy. We happened to stay in a room right oustide the right next to the corridor where they parked their cart for room service. They chatted loudly every morning at 8.30am, woke me up when I wished to have more sleep. 5 mins to 2 subway line. Friendly staffs. Shuttle service. big king bed, clean roon, friendly staff it was great stayding, the room is small but it's clean and everything is get ready except you need buy Toiletries, the location is very good, it's very close to the subway station at chung mo road station, it takes less than 5mins to walk to myung dong shopping area. but this hotel is absolutely not 5 starts level,if you can book as a discount rate,i will recommend you 1) acceptable location, 2) tidy room, 3) English speaking staff The location was great. The staff were friendly and helpful. The environment was comfortable. location kind of weak overall; nice folks, but very ordinary if compared to South East Asian hospitality Best sevrice Nice place, hv shuttle bus to go town. Staff also friendly. free shuttle bus to shopping areas the hotel is neat with friendly staff. free shuttle bus to catch airport bus n shipping areas save us energy to walk in cold temperature. super! Clean room Overall I enjoyed my stay in this hotel Spacious room and clean Clean Room are spacious, the location are so so , 25minutes walking to meong dyong king size bed was big and comfortable. the room was very clean as well. they changed my towel twice per a day. the hotel provides free bus to travel to some popula areas but one bus per an hour and it was very difficult to get a taxi around there. my shower had problem the water temperature kept changing. i called them to change my room, but they sent a person to fix and it wasn't fixed. i took two days shower with such water especially in the winter. it was very cold in seoul. very convenient with free wi-fi and shuttle bus The hotel is ok for everything except a little bit over-priced. The carpet at the hotel entrance is so dirty that gave me a very bad first impression. The room is tidy and clean except there's stain on the coffee table that I dared not use it. Great Triple room Great triple room for travellers, also a Ladies floor, hotel shuttle provided Great Service The hotel staff service is great, room too small with the ***** hotel, supplies too poor, I give only ** to this hotel. Decent room size We stayed from 11 - 14 Nov. We find it easy to locate the hotel when the airport limo dropped us at the drop-off Chungmuro train station. We were able to identify the direction from the hotel’s website pictures and comments from the reveiws mentioned here. As we walked through the dark alley, there was stench but bearable for us. However, we also noticed there were a number of authentic food eateries choices along the alley. As we arrived in the morning around 10+, early check-in at that time is not possible. I was told by the reception that even 1 hour earlier check-in ie 1pm is not possible but unless we pay KW40,000, then we will be granted earlier check-in. When we finally completed our check-in process at 2pm, we were shocked to see our room door wide open. This is the first hotel that we find our room door wide open prior to checking-in! We could not understand the rational of having this practice but we definitely do have various concerns eg anyone could be hiding in the room or amenities disputes etc… We suggest for PJ to seriously re-consider having this way of “welcoming” your guests. The majority of their guests are Japanese. Without doubt, most of the staff are fluent with Japanese but below basic English. This is fine. However, what I find unacceptable is the prejudice attention given to them over other guests. Even the shuttle service the hotel provides is in Korean and Japanese only. Where is the international language – ENGLISH? With their staff’s capability to speak Japanese, do PJ still need to have taped recorded message in Japanese to announce the stops in the shuttle buses? Even the drivers of the shuttle buses are fluent in Japanese. So for other guests who may only understand English or Mandarin etc, are we non-existence? We booked our hotel close to our departure date. As such, many other hotels near shopping were fully booked. We chose PJ because of the shuttle bus service mentioned. It was a disappointment too. Free Wifi & Shuttle This hotel is very average in terms of service, location and amenities. Its quite a distance from the nearest airport limousine bus stop. Due to the hotel location, the entire place is pretty secluded during weekends. Walking back from Myeong Dong can get pretty dark. If by chance you are hungry in the middle of the night, there aren't a lot of places you can go. Myeong Dong is 15 minutes away on foot which is quite convenient. What is even more convenient is that the hotel provides frequent shuttle bus to Myeong Dong and other shopping places, even till late at night. In any case, a hotel closer to to the shopping areas would be even more convenient. As for service, not all staff can converse in English. However most can speak Japanese. I then presumed that most of their guests are from Japan. They are some of the concierge staff who are pretty helpful. Good Cafe drinks, dishes & sweet ! quite small room. even with free shuttle buses, i still hadn't taken once since the time isn't so good. i all the time went to city centre by taxi ! there's no room service in this hotel. and there's only 2 proper restaurants there. one is the italian one and another one us korean restaurant. the food quality of the latter one was really poor, less fresh if the beef, and etc. but only the italian restaurant was good ! i need to go out to eat by walking about 10 mins to another korean restaurant nearby which was good- cuz the lamb, beef n pork were really fresh & yummy. so i went there 2 times during my stay ! the location & the area of pj hotel is not very pleasant, as the environment nearby us like very old town which i didn't like it much except seeing the red leaves trees outside my hotel window. also most of the staffs couldn't speak english at all, except the receptionists ! hardware is ok, but service not up to standard the hotel is clean, location is so so (have to carry your luggage and walk 10min to the hotel after u got off the airport limo bus, 20 mins walk to Myeong Dong from hotel), but the staffs are not service oriented at all. My friends and i waited for the hotel shuttle bus in Myeong Dong for 30 mins but it didn't show up, and the hotel staff who picked up the call just replied coldly and said the bus was there, their GPS had time proof bla bla bla....like we were telling lies. And no one follows up our complaints. So my conclusion is the hotel staff service is not up to standard and they are not client oriented. Clean hotel situated in a quiet location” Looks fancy ” Nice hotel” Great location, small room, but clean & compact.” a 4 star hotel without gym & swimming pool! ” Cosy hotel with spacious room” Nice room” Nice hotel” Cozy Room” Lovely hotel and service with a smile” Lovely hotel and service from front desk” In the middle of nowhere” good area” Great Hotel with Clean & Comfortable Room” trip to Korea” poor facilities, no air conditioning, only heater.” Great Location Bad Service” Good location” Close to shopping area by walking distance ” Nice hotel but not so friendly staff” Close to shopping area but quiet Fairly good with this price, I didn't expect more. big rooms Mostly good comments for this hotel,but we had our bathtub water drain clogged. We asked for help. The manager came and pretty much did what we already did. He then told us it's fine. Problem solved. Contact him if we have any issue. We looked at the bathtub and asked him if this is clogged again, we'll call you. He keeps saying that this is fixed. Of course, it's clogged again. We just gave up calling for help. But, other than this, we have no complaints. Shuttle bus available The room is quite small but it is enough for two persons. Clean and simple room. Very comfortable. Shuttle bus is available to myeongdong, namdarmun, lotte department store and dong dongdaemun. Quite convenience for shoppers. Nice staff, clean & new room. The room is compact although it's small, but overall worth for the value. The hotel look like boutique hotel. The surrounding is conveninent & great location for shopping. I had missing the room key, so penalty USD5. I will stay again if i visit again this country. Free flow mineral water & ice cube, Free Shuttle Bus to Myeongdong & Dongdaemun, Nice balcony pathetic! a 4 star hotel without gym & swimming pool! the lobbby is on the second floor, you need to walk so many stairs to check in. the room and the bed are quite big, they provide free mineral water & ice cube on every floor, pros: 1. free flow mineral water & ice cube 2. free shuttle bus to myeongdong & dongdaemun 3. nice balcony, you can see a nice sunrise from the balcony 4. cozy bed cons: 1. the air con is not cool, can not be lower than 23 degree celcisu 2. so many stairs to enter the lobby 3. no pc 4. the wifi is very slow 5. tv is very small for a 4 star hotel 6. it`s very far from everywhere, you`re just in the middle of nowhere! 7. very far from metro station 8. very far from tourist attractions 9. very far from downtown 10. no breakfast provided New, neat and modern with full facilities We feel everything is good. Bed and pillows are comfortable. Appreciate the free shuttle service. Great location On our second night we've got an upgrade room.. Thanks PJ hotel Location not too bad. Pj Hotel is 5-10mins walk away from subway station, their hotel staffs are very friendly. There's flat screen pc and free wifi in the hotel room. However the size of the hotel room is a little too small and cramp. Most of the cab drivers know the location of the hotel so it's quite convenient for us. 7.7 this hotel is just next to subway exit and around the corner from myeongdong shopping streets Great location, near The Hotel, convenient for public transport A love hotel. Big plasma tv with surround sound. Receptionist cant communicate well in English. Interior looks kinky nice & new interior hotel staffs are friendly and helpful rooms are newly renovated, clean but quite small hotel provide shuttle service to main shopping areas like myeongdong, dongdaemun & nandaemum Room is spacious and clean with balcony... i booked this hotel because it shows the airport bus has a stop at hotel pj though i had read negative comments regarding the location of the hotel. it was not an easy walk from the airport bus stop (pj hotel) to the exact location of the hotel main entrance especially when you arrived at night in a rainy day. the narrow road within an old commercial complex under dim light was not a good experience for travellers with luggages at night cos you would not aware that was the access. beyond this, the hotel itself is quite ok. room is spacious, the hotel corridor between rooms is the widest i have ever seen. you have everything in the room except you have to look into every drawers for your free coffee and the refrigerator is installed inside a cabinet next to your desk. the hotel have not refilled bottle water everyday, only the first 2 days while we have been staying 4 nights there. classic hotel was good although small but location so convenient for shopping and traffic not far to the mtr close to subway lines and can reach myeongdong by walk we really enjoy stayed at the hotel.. the room was very clean, with heated toilet seat.. hotel located just 5 minutes walk from chungmuro station or 10-15minutes walk from myeongdong. very nice hotel it's a nice hotel, nice service and location. the room is very clear and shower is ok also. but, there are not much entertainment in the hotel such as casino or night club. for business trip is ok, but not for vacation. the hotel staff were very accomodating on all your inquiry, especially regarding the place. we were so disappointed with pj hotel. because we arrived in seoul oct 30, autumn / winter season. so cold outside, but inside the hotel, so hot because of the heater. we requested for the air conditioning unit be open, but unfortunately, the staff told us that no air con available in all the rooms of the hotel because the heater is on, if they would open the air con in our room, all the rooms ' air conditioning units would also be open, so they told us, its impossible for them to open the aircon at the time of our arricval. so we have no cjoice but to open the window, but so many mosquitoes kept coming in, the two kids has a lot of mosquito bites all over their bodies, as seen by the hotel staff the next morning. so the next day, they lend us a fan because we complained the room was so hot, can't sleep. and also we pay extra for the 9 yr old child. we pay but still, no extra bed. really so disgusted. not recommended. Location Location of the Hotel is very good. Close to the Chungmuro station. Hotel also provide free shuttle service to main attraction. However, the service from the hotel is very very poor. They didn't clean my room for 2 days in a row even when you put the "Make My Room" sign. I was there in early October and they put HOT temperature in your room. You can't change it! You call the front desk they said it is Winter (Winter in October??) and they told me if I want a Fan or open the Window. Staff is very Rude and not friendly. Alley is very Dark - try to walk after 6PM, all the alley is very dark. If not for the location I will not stay here. Good location and large room My husband and I stay 2 nights at this hotel. The location is good and the room was large and clean, the beds were good. The negative part is the unfriendly staff, you get just one key. We arrived on a Saturday and the restaurants were closed over the weekend which meant no dinner, no breakfast on Sunday morning (they told us the restaurants were closed to the public because they had a weeding party) and no room service. We had to go out again after a tuff day. There was a minibar in the room which had just 2 bottles of water... And no laudry service. On Monday morning we had breakfast for 16$, it was not worth it. I guess it was bad luck ! Hotel is big and bright, room is big and provide shuttle bus to shopping areas. hotel is big as tourist hotel, many of tourist groups check in especially japanese. bright and clean. i booked additional one more room but the hotel have to check the air con system as one of my rooms detect hot air rather than cool air, unable to adjust by self, hotel have to provide technician but takes time to wait. in room, the hotel provided 2 bottles water on first day check-in only, they provide water machine and ice making maching in front of elevators. wifi doesn't work well at all. one of the hotel lady staff at front desk doesn't seem welcoming. overall this will not be my selection for next trip. the rooms comfortable and clean rooms, Great hotel rooms but dodgy location” Okay location” Good facilities but no water pressure” Average service level but PC in the room” Lovely hotel in a bad location” Good location” small rooms” Average hotel, highly over priced.” Okay Okay kinda hotel...” warm hotel” PJ Hotel,” Small room but great service where they are apply” Good hotel and services” Good Hotel, a little hard to find” Complain” First Time in Seoul” PJ Hotel” OK hotel” Fair hotel to stay” good service hotel” Newly refurbished, nice and clean room Recommendated to stay: staff with good English and Japanese; spacious room with new furniture; very clean and new bathrooms. The only thing with this hotel is the location, not so convenient for girls to go around the area at night. Good upgrade service at the counter and pretty enough room for accommodation you know what? i got this hotel at last minute and we were not sure how is it till we arrived. u can take route 615 from inch. airport directly to this hotel. it was pretty quick to do check in and check out. the location is between elujiro 3 and 4 and quite close to myeongdong, dongdaemun and the historic street in jongno. a stroll away from the centre of north seoul. very bad point is as follow. i and my mom checked on sun, 22/may/2011, and placed our luggage, 4 items in total, to the porters. after our further shopping, we went to collect our stored luggage, and we got very bad experience. the porter was keeping on speaking japanese to me but i speak in english instead. afterwards, the porter said we stored only 3 pieces of luggage. i was so angry for the unprofessional luggage service...gee...what a poor and bad experience which destroyed everything we felt good before. after check out, we are not customer anymore? i doubt if i will choose this hotel for my next stay in seoul. clean all facilities and furnitures are new and modern, overall i was satisfied, Internet service with PC in the room The manner of Receptionist for checking-in was ok but the service level was average. The doorman was very helpful. Good shuttle bus service from the hotel and city center. It is a bit difficult to find the hotel as it does not located in the main road but public transportation nearby is good. Only the room I liked. I arrived at hotel at 10am with an overnight flight and they tell me to wait till 2pm for checkin. I requested that I need to rest as I have a business appointment at 2pm so if they could give me a room earlier. The receptionist mentions that if I want a room earlier then I have to pay extra which means they have rooms available but they are not ready to give to their clients except on checkin time. Right infront of me many guest were checking out. Besides they put two small bottles of mineral water in the the room only for the first day and not the next days even if you stay there for 5 nights. The price on the website was $80 and the tax was $16.50 which was not mentioned. I guess this should have been mentioned, so I paid $96 for a night without mineral water and for a room which does not have drawers to keep clothes. Nothing great This is a typical commercial hotel. Rooms are small. Friendly door man. Location near subway station. Shuttle bus to shopping area. There is nothing worth mentioning There are many negative is difficult to count 1-Staff elderly. Greater than 48 years old 2-The restaurant does not respond to customer requests 3-The hotel is located in a poor area and miserableالاستماع The lobby and corridors looked nice. There was an area with 3 computers. 10 minute walk from underground station The water from the shower ran hot and cold. The TV may have been flat screen but it was tiny. If i'd have paid half of that then it still would have been a little expensive. When i have paid that price before i have had a large flat screen, computer with internet, a large jacuzzi bathroom all included. I can't even say it was in a nice area. The hotel is in the back streets away from Myeong Dong. I defiantly wont go again and i will be more careful when paying for a hotel again in the future. n/a smells like Marlboro! Overall staffs are very nice and well trained. Breakfast is okay. Good location if you like to stay in the central of Seoul. good bus route service no goog staff service and friendly, guide us the actual location to the bus where can take us to the Seoul tower, also some free loan of adaptor. Friendly staff Location, restaurants, dated Dropped at the Bus/Limousine stop, this place is harder to find than you think from the web. You have to travel down a small side street for 5 minutes but the staff meet you in the street like a long lost cousin and try to get you settled quickly. The impact is 3 star and the rooms are basic, non adjustable heating and aircon switched of centrally according to the season. No frig, no snacks, no food on weekends as the Restauarant is closed weekends. Dont people eat on the weekends? When I calmed down, I found plenty of local eateries, and the Restaurant is actually quite good when open. Too expensive for what it offerred though. The honesty of the house maid, the good shuttle bus service. Coffee Shop not open for dinner The first time I was in the hotel I feel uneasy since nothing have been said about shuttle bus stop at the same place of the Airport Limousine stop. If I know that I can just wait for 10-15 minutes for the shuttle bus instate of walk and pull the heavy luggage along the small road. But the front service is okay with contour and smiling face only to have to get our luggage up to our room by our-self. The room are so small there no place for luggage only on the floor there were. Apart from that there are fine in every which way. I left my emergency money of US$1,000 and Yen 100,000 in my small samsonite bag in the drawer of the desk for the whole day on Friday and come back from Nami Island to found the bag full of the same amount of money while the room was cleaned. The bell are all helpful every time we are asking to give the direction for taxi in Korean. The men at the hotel entrance are best in calling a taxi for us and help give the direction to the driver. The Korean restaurant on the first floor are well service and good food you should try Korean beef of bibimbub there. Other eating place are around the hotel, fish, chicken, pock, beef you name it plus two family mart and 7/11 under and close to the hotel. Drinkable water and ice are in-front of the elevator of every floor. Only the trustful of the maid are more than enough to take us back to the hotel on next trip. Good design of room and tidy  This hotel would be good for business travelers with great connection with business center of Seoul. Nice rooms  The hotel was nice but a little hard to find as the directions given on the website were not very clear. The room was way too hot and I couldn't change the temp. Good location, walking distance to a lot of shops! I would stay here again Bell boys were friendly There were holes in the bath towels There is language problems. They do not understand english very well. Only easy to access from Incheon Airport to the hotel with Airport bus Quite far to Dongdaemum Need to count the time for the schedule bus, and the room is comfort. Easy to access from Inchuen Airport by airport bus both ways. best places! good location the hotel was far from the train, far from meyondong and the room was so so, i think that they hotel choose bads rooms for agoda! and it was not incloding breakfast! the room was clean and the service was ok. but for taxi its not expensive to go to the dangdemon. i think that next time better to pay more and go to other hotel. so for some one that are looking for location dont take this hotel! Close to subway not very close to Meyongdong The hotel is close to subway (2 mins by walk), but 2 steps from Myeongdong and 1 step from Dongdaemum. The room was very hot at midnight, aircon was not always switched on, unless you request hotel Big room and Tidy environment Good location for metro. Dirty pillow cases Location is not good for going out at night I got upgraded to a double deluxe suite while i booked a double room only. But i found a bit difficult to head to the hotel, there are not enough sign after getting off the airport bus. but once you know, it's just a straight road for about 5 mins walk to there, well it's under a bridge and like a carpark, i didn't even know that's a path. room boy service is far to namdaemun shopping area is very good hotel , service number one , i very like the room boy , very friendly , helpfull , the hotel location is strategic , closed to city hall , have a full service shuttle bus to city hall , namdaemun , and many more. is very good hotel.
 Room's insulation is very bad” Short trip to Gangnam” 보통” 보통” LOCATION IS GOOD. BUT I DON'T RECOMMEND IT.” 보통” elevator noise” Awful!! I saw the staff use our bath towel to clean the toilet bowl!!” Pros and Cons” strong tobacco smell in bedding/room” Rigid” Disappointment. ” My flight arrived at 6 am Sunday so I bought one more night stay to make sure I can go sleep right after I check-in. But the sound insulation of the room is sooo bad so I woke up every time when there is a room closed in corridor. Not to say I need to wait house keeping completed the cleaning for next rooms to stop the noise of the vacuum cleaner. I am not a light sleeper so you better think twice if you want to chose this hotel if you are. Room is small but clean and location is good. Pros: location, price, functionality. Cons: less amenities and facilities than typical hotel. WiFi was really bad. Can’t work properly in hotel Not the best service. Was stuck in the elevator for 20-25 mins with no help and no answer from the lift emergency help. Manager was very casual and basic apology was given. It used to be a good hotel. This time, we left a few hours for a meeting. A CLEANING STAFF STOLE A PAIR OF APPLE AIRPODS THAT WERE LEFT ON THE DESK. We literally spent 5 hours searching the room inside and out. Lobby agents called the lady to investigate and she said she didn't steal anything but we knew it was her. The hotel said that they could not do anything further. BE AWARE OF THE CLEANING STAFFS. I travel 20 night/year internationally and I do not recommend this hotel for those who are traveling in Seoul. Watch out for your personal goods. Do not leave them out on the desk or table. They steal and the hotel doesn't do anything. Wifi can not work in my room, I need to open the door of my room to received some wifi signal. It's too bad. For some reason I got to check-in late, so I got this room right next to elevator. When elevator goes up and down, it makes noises so I couldn't get to sleep. Will never come back again Pros 1. Good location. Near a subway station. Near a nice shopping complex. Cons 1. Very slow elevator 2. No service umbrella. I was told that they have an umbrella for sale. 3. Very limited cabinet space. 4. Airport bus does not pass by the hotel. You have to take a cab at the nearest bus stop to the hotel. 5. Small room and narrow beds. great location and attractions in Gang Nam area in Seoul. Room is small but ok. Main issue is very strong tobacco smell from bedding and all around the room (espeically pillow) even though it is a non-smoking room and the hotel is very new. No intention to use this hotel again. Front staff are rigid with no flexibility over request for earlier check in. I was aware they had available rooms but stick to 3 pm check in time. However after i told them during agoda review I will share my experience. They gave me a room at 2pm later. Little value for price vs room size. Though rooms are very clean with sufficient amenties. Staying at Hotel Peyto was my last two nights and the worst stay in Korea. Hotel Peyto don't provide airport shuttle service for an extra charge of KRW 16000 per person as mentioned by some online booking agents. They are just opposite the airport bus terminal, so the customers have to walk across to the airport bus terminal. It's not so called hotel airport shuttle service. It's okay for me to walk across but kind of annoyed by misleading information. During my stay, they actually turned off the air conditioners. When I asked about it, the receptionist said that's because of some customers didn't want air conditioning, so they switched all the air containers off. That's ridiculous and nonsense. The temperature in the room can actually be adjusted or even turn off manually. She asked me to open the window. But it was really really noisy especially when the window was opened, even at 1 am in the morning. I was really struggle to sleep. Then, the early morning sun shined into the room because the window and curtain was opened, I was forced to wake up early and tiredly. It's kind of suffering for me because I was there for a cool and relaxing vacation. If you don't mind the noise and unfriendly service (just turned off air conditioners without informing the customers), the location is rather convenient to go to Coex & airport bus terminal. But not much activity during the night time. By the way, couldn't find any slippers and the floor was really dirty. I will never stay in Hotel Peyto anymore. Very VERY old” Nice hotel with good service” Good quality” Riviera 4 stars” Getting Old, avoid it. ” Prestigious Hotel in Isolated Gangnam suburb - Australian Review.” the hotel is old fashion” Business” Sucks Hotel ” 무난함” Not so good customer service” 무난함” Lack of communication” 무난함” 무난함” Nice hotel” Soso” not bad” ok not bad” poor” The ceilings in the hallways seem to be made of plastic....There are only lamps in the room and EVERYTHING cost money, including toothpaste and toothbrushes.... nice hotel. Good location and great service. Worthy to stay I think everyone feel reasonable price with good condition. Maybe because i have been to 5 star hotels before, this hotel felt like a motel with some good facilities. I wouldn’t give 4 stars tho, we didn’t have netflix on the tv ( they said they have netflix in other type of room if we add 20 something more $) and the amenities didn’t look like they were well prepared. The hotel itself looks a little old. The swimming pool and sauna were good. I think the front desk people should be more smiling and explaining but not just giving keys after i fill the paper and let you go. Bed much to hard. I woke up with back pain. Air Con blocked to minimum. Room freezing at night, impossible to regulate. No power outlet to plug on side tables. I had to charge part of my devices in the bathroom. Breakfast poor and a simple American coffee with cream cost 10.000 krw. Much more than a Venti in Starburks! Some hotels gain charm and glamour when getting old some don't. This one need a complete refurbishment. This prestigious hotel was located in the outer district of Gangnam. Very isolated ~ far from everything ~ hotel restaurant/buffet is pricey, room service food is 50, 000 won per person. Taxi Services : NIL. You have to catch your own taxi. They dont book for you. Outside hotel available (sometimes). Airport Services: ONE BUS. Airport shuttle bus @back of the hotel given at designated times. No other option. Closest public transport : Subway station. Closest one was 45min walk to a Gangnam (GREEN LINE) Subway Station. FOOD: Small E-mart convenience store ACROSS the road. The road is a MAIN ROAD so you need to go through TWO pedestrian crossings to get to the other side. OTHER FOOD:The hotel does not allow Delivery food services to park at the front of the hotel. You have to meet the delivery guy at the back of the hotel 3RD LEVEL FLOOR; Car Park Area. The closest restaurant is a min. of 50,000won per person. But if you want to go to a "shake shack" burger 45min walk. Luxury room’s view is so good. You can see Yongdong bridge and Han River. However the hotel’s building and facilities are old. Especially consent is not enough. If you have some mobile devices, it is good for you to bring concent taps. In the room, No coffee. Found spider in the room i didnt really mind just sleeping in as i dont stay in hotel for too long, but non the less i can see why it was cheap. The room was dirty and dark. I was looking to check my earrings under the bed and found so many dirt including empty bottle. I was so disappointed. Location is far from shopping locations like Myeongdong or Seoul station if taking subway. We booked for 3 adults with breakfast, the hotel didn't honor and said they "usually" have breakfast for 2. We had to contact Agoda directly to close the issue and refund the additional breakfast fee that they charged us. The staff is not so accommodating. Will not coming back to Riviera Hotel. stayed 2 nights but got charged for 3 nights The only reason we chose this hotel was swimming pool. A few days (about like 3-4days) before we check in this hotel, I double-checked whether we can use the swimming pool, and of course the answer was YES. But actually, it was not!! My whole plan and feeling was messed up. I still cannot understand why they lied or didn't tell me earlier before checking in there. + I found two stains on the bed. Regardless of the price, I will never stay Riviera Hotel. not very helpful staffs Good hotel Nice hotel to stay at, convenient location, my room was not the cleanest which was disappointing. Hotel has decent amenities restaurant, club, a show was going on. Overall decent place I would stay again, I would just make sure my room was adequately cleaned first. Well not bad convenient as in front of it there limousine bus to airport staff was not kindness. good,location” ok no bad” Disappointed ” well done” Easy access to various tourism attractions” comfort bed” expensive ” Room size is good, but little bit old style” near clubs” Old classy hotel” Riviera Hotel” Very tired. Needs renovation” good location comfy ” disappointed ” 1990's hotel ” Good service and confortable” It's was just ok” Ok” Shocking” Average hotel” no bad clean The hotel needs to moderate. Breakfast was cold and poor choice good job It is one of the good hotels. But it cannot be a 5 star. The facilities are old. That's the only complaint I have about the hotel. Other than that, everything was fine. Airport bus stop is right across the street. The hotel coffee shop is unreasonably expensive (~$20 per cup). Beware of that. There's a coffee shop within a few steps on the street. Metro train station is located at about half block from the hotel. location, room, bed overall happy and worth for money room size abs cleanliness Not too bad Room size Coex, parking, clubs near coex and edm clubs facilities, coex, nite club solid 3-4 star hotel near coex. location location is good but the rooms require update good location comfy over rated Free parking, ok price, clubs Just an ok hotel, located towards the end of gangnam. nothing really special, hard beds, windows dont open, 1990's style Good service, confortable,silent Airport shuttle, Airport shuttle, Airport shuttle Airport shuttle at the front door. New township,clean, safe Ok . This hotel is not worth the money at all, location is awful, hotel room was old, dated, décor was awful, the room was a snapshot of an old American B-Movie from the 50's, really not good at all, was quite shocked and surprised, would I stay there again no chance at all, if you like Karaoke bars and décor stay here Big room Very big room, kind of old though. Very noisy , if ur window will face main road. Overlay it's average hotel. Breakfast is overpriced, better to get something from cafe outside. Disapointing. poor room. gym closed...” just for few days ” Reasonable price” for the price paid, location is not too bad” Centrally located convenient ” soso” terrible hotel” Location good. Bedroom old and hard mattress bed” Good and comfortable” efficient stay in 3-4 star hotel” Bit run down, but location makes sense for me” nice place and nice staff” far from shopping areas ” just a short business trip and nothing special to ” will not stay there again” Overrated and overpriced hotel in good location” hard bed & stuck w your plan” nice hotel but small rooms” good location” Great location with reasonable price” - disapointing. beds hard. kettle in room but no coffee etc...and so it goes on. regret will not be back easy to getting local restaurants, easy to find this hotel and clean room Clean room and good conditions, besides easy to getting other local restaurants. Price, location, staff For the price this is a fairly good hotel I would say. Buffet breakfast at the hotel seems a little expensive for what you get though. In general the rooms are clean, staff are attentive and service is good. good sports spa within hotel, about 20 mins away from shopping area, comfortable good sports spa within hotel, about 20 mins away from shopping area, comfortable Friendly staff, central location, access to transport Friendly staff, nice cafe, popular with tourist Clean and central location no no no very small room not kind city view i am not sure bed bed bed gym I was in this hotel 3 times total. 1)wifi depends on the room location, some rooms are always disconnected. 2)room service. I order room service 'gal bi- tang' and it was worst ever. but around 3 times more expensive than eat out.( I'm Korean) 3)service mind last time was in september for 8 nights. and weather was still kind of HOT in Seoul. But after few days later, I felt A/C doesn't work properly. I found out they just turn off cold wind for A/C by themselves. Their excuse was some guest were ask them to turn off cause of cold. But someone who feel cold, they can turn off A/C in the room and someone who feel hot, they should still can use A/C! NO more this Hotel. Location, location, location It was not too good, I went to the restaurant and for a simple food they charged me 50 usd per person, ridiculous. The bed was like a rock. Small room. The only good thing about this hotel is the location... easy access, clean, good service efficient staff, reasonably good location New wing rooms better, efficient service, F&B overpriced Location x 3 All in all okay. The place is a bit rund down and some refurbishments would be nice. Always felt a bit expensive for what it delivers, but neighbourhood does not offer too many alternatives. nice staff, flexible, pleasant it's good for a business trip to there staff are helpful and nice comfrtable to walk within vicinityo overall nice stay, many nice cafe around the hotel vicinity english speaking staff, friendly bell boy, good clean sauna friendly staffs, fast and free internet will not stay there again as the room smell. and the furnitures are very old location only Not the best experience -very small, old, smelly rooms, the hotel staff were abrupt and not too helpful, toilet smelly, f&b poor and expensive, a 3 star experience in a 4 star jacket airport bus stop and gym/pool/golf I had mistakenly booked one additional day (6 days) and noticed my return plane ticket was for a day earlier, but hotel refused to change the booking and ended up changing my plane return date to a day later - this is unacceptable for business travel. They also had different rates for weekend which did not show up intheir internet advertisement, I only noticed my high bill after the booking was done and I was charged; I felt cheated lobby is nice Rooms were very small and quit old. The hotel self was not bad. good staff small room but clean, facilities equipped, safe environment Everything is near around the hotel the hotel amenity is up to par and has a nice pool and sauna. the breakfast buffet was okay. No home feeling” it's alright but wont return ” Sorry can't recommend this place ” Everything money talks! Worst hotel experience! pros - it was affordable, the toilet is very spacious, check in counter staff were friendly. cons - it is far from the train station, and the station itself is very big so adding the time taken from exiting the train to dragging large luggages to the hotel took me more than 15mins. the location is far away from hongdae if you were to take a train so i recommend taking the bus with the bus stop located infront of the hotel my room was located right beside the laundry room and every morning and late night, the cleaning staff or guest would slam the door really loud and i could hear it clearly in my room. the laundry room is not clean, the dust from the dryer is everywhere on the table and there are spiders. i don't feel safe around the area behind the hotel, there is a gs25 behind but there are many old man smoking and cursing along the road at night. lastly, the bed was very hard and there are only one pillow for each bed. the pillow was flat and uncomfortable that i have to went to buy myself a decent pillow to sleep on. would not come back again Being charged for checking in a few hours before 3pm, having to request the rubbish to be removed, charging 10000 won for the washing machine and then not refunded the extra 5000 on the card... Room hot AF. Had a lot of potential this place but won't be staying again.